# 1,
                                Greetings Adventurers!
??
In an effort to consolidate your valuable class feedback, we've created this post for you to submit your suggestions. Our team will be monitoring this thread daily to ensure all relevant feedback is collected and sent to the developers.
??
We ask that you provide your suggestions using the following template:


Family Name:Region (NA/EU):Class (Awakening/Succession):Suggestion:Details:
Please limit the suggestion to a single skill or topic, but feel free to post multiple suggestions! Suggestions concerning broader topics should include specific details on improvements. When sending your feedback, please be as detailed as possible. Media such as video and screenshots are also encouraged!
??
Comments that do not follow the template above will be deleted as the purpose of this post is to organize and collect your feedback. If you would like to discuss your class with your fellow adventurers, please make a separate discussion post in this Class Discussion Board and include the relevant class hashtags!
??
Example of good feedback:
Family Name: [CM]VedirRegion: NAClass: Dark Knight (Succession)Suggestion: Dark Knight PvE Improvement IdeasDetails: Succession Dark Knight is underperforming in PvE, mainly at high end monster zones like Elvia Calpheon. Please increase her damage by increasing the critical hit chance of Absolute: Corrupt Ground from 50% to 100% in PvE. Her sustain could also be improved so I suggest increasing the HP and MP recovery from 40 to 50 and add an 40 HP recovery per hit effect to Absolute: Flow Ravage Rake. These improvements to her sustain skills will help with making her grinding more manageable at high end monster zones.
Example of bad feedback:

Family Name: [CM]VedirRegion: NAClass: Dark Knight (Succession)Suggestion: Buff Dark Knight PvEDetails: Buff Dark Knight's damage and lower her cooldowns.
We look forward to hearing your wonderful suggestions!
                            ,# 2,
                                Family Name: GreenShadowPTRegion (NA/EU): EUClass (Awakening/Succession): ShaiSuggestion: Full rework and redesign of the classDetails: I'm sorry to say this, but this class is utterly bad compared to the other classes, to the point of even not being considered a real class by many! We literally can't even be a effective support, because we lack the protections to survive so we can continue supporting the team, not to mention the heals arent that great, and then its rather impossible to play a tune mid battle without getting grabbed. The class is impossible to 1v1 anyone, we cant defend ourselves, as our damage is so weak. On top of that, the recent changes (Misty Haze wrongfully nerfed, and nerfed damage back to pre-reboot) just kills more the class. And seems like that will be in a loop of nerfing the class constantly in the future for some reason. The only thing we can do and rather bad, is PvE, and gets nerfed more and more (17% damage reduced in last nerf!) The class is very bad mobility wise, and is bad at most spots, except for a few end game spots. Also other issues like we don't have a Blackstar Sol, nor is it taggable, so we are stuck with it.Please, as i think this will get ignored, i would still ask at least to divide the class into Succesion and Awakening, succesion for those who want more grind and being able to pvp and such, having high APM. Awakening would be for those who still like the support aspect and want it. At least this, but the best would be a full rework.??
                            ,# 3,
                                Family Name: AmaheRegion:??NAClass: ShaiSuggestion: Yippee! improvementDetails: One of the many issues with Shai is our only mobility skill, Yippee! has a long CD as well as uses up a LOT of stamina. I have a few different suggestions for ways that Yippee! can be improved and provide more utility for Shais. The first is that Yippee! not use stamina when first used off CD, but can still be used even while on CD, but with the added cost of stamina and loss of SA, to be replaced with perhaps FG so as not to allow the ability to be too overpowered. Another idea is Yippee! can be channeled as long as you have the stamina to support it. And last but not least, the ability to use Yippee! as a channel skill at any giving time. Allowing you to use your Artina Sol while riding it but with the downside of being restricted from your main hand until your Florang is recalled. Allowing shai to use her talent tree while riding her Florang would allow for a better pvp experience. Since she struggles with mid to large scale fights, this change could have the potential of Shai having a more enjoyable pvp experience since Shai's ONLY engage tool is her 15 seconds Yippee!. Coasting through a ball while playing bongos sounds a lot more fun than slowly walking towards the enemy and hoping they walk into them.
                            ,# 4,
                                Family Name: Myserie
Region: NA
Class: Awakening Guardian
Suggestion: Better viability in high damage areas

Background: You've decided to model the Blackstar Offhand weapon to the Kutum which has more DP, more AP versus monsters and more penetration of resistances. However, in my experience survivability for the solo Awakened Guardian in difficult PVM areas requires as much resistances as possible to avoid knockdown, stun and overall crowd effects from monsters. I'm forced pick between having inadequate DP compared to people who take the Kutum/Blackstar approach or to get stunned and knocked down more than is sustainable on the solo toe-to-toe slow melee class. In addition, the Blackstar shield gets twice as much durability as the Nouver shield, and there is no equivalent offhand option for those who need Nouver for better tankiness.

I like the slow style of the Guardian, but could you give us either skills or passive buffs which boost the tankiness. And do you really need to try to force everyone at high levels to use Kutum/Blackstar? Couldn't you allow for bettter freedom of gear choice? Thanks :)
                            ,# 5,
                                Family Name: BrassicaRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): ShaiSuggestion: Improve MobilityDetails: Shai suffers greatly in early/mid game PvE and mobility is a part of that. Her low mobility leaves her vulnerable in PvP as well, which is a bad place to be with the current weakness of DP meme. Some ideas that may help
>reduce the wind up/down time on Yipee!
>allow us to cancel Yipee! with certain abilities>allow Yipee! to ignore collision
>lower cooldown on Yipee!
>no stamina cost on hop
>hop moves further
>hop moves faster
>new movement spells>new abilities which happen to include not insignificant amounts of movement as a part of the ability>reduce the time Shai spends knocked down- we have infinitely better mobility when we are not knocked down, and to my understanding Shai spends the most time on the ground of all classes(resilience stat)

                            ,# 6,
                                Family Name: BrassicaRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): ShaiSuggestion: un-remove the normal underwear from pearl store in NA/EUDetails: As many as 75% of Shai in NA/EU already own these items as we can recieve them from Event Underwear Boxes. Fashion is the end game of BDO and most of our outfits were not intended to be worn with pajamas. This is only a request to add items already available in Black Desert within our region to the Pearl Store. A related request thread is the most liked thread in the feedback forum by double the second most liked topic, and quadruple the 3rd most liked topic. 
                            ,# 7,
                                Family Name: BallzDeeep69Region: NAClass: Succession Dark KnightSuggestion: Patching up holes in pvp performanceDetails: With the recent class buffs succ dk is acutally feels much better than before and is in a pretty good spot. Though there are some nitpicky things I want to touch on.

1. Losing bound in pvp on obsidian ashes was a bit much. Pre-patch even though it was un protected, with phantasmal snare you could still get in some sneaky plays with it to start a combo. Now it just feels like another filler damage skill. Having both SA and bound in pvp would be preferable but if I had to pick one I would want the bound back. Losing bound on lunacy didn't change much though

2: Move the "1 target's guard gauge -20%" to a different skill. Shadow bullet as is, is broken. In that half the time it colides with something the game doesn't even register it as a hit. I think slanted balance would be a good cantidate for this effect.

3: Increase accuracy modifiers on all skills to a minimum of 10%. In my opinion if she's gonna fill the "glass cannon" role, none of her skills should be below that

4: Wheel of fortune could use a down attack modifier. I don't think it makes much sense that an upward slash like slanted balance is a down attack but wheel isn't

5: And lastly, this is quite annoying. At the end of vedir strike, if you're still holding W + F you immediately use unveiled dagger, even though when air strike is on CD and you press W + F again you don't use it, you have to just press F. This really screws up those last few frames of SA that are instead being interrupted by dagger because you didn't take you're finger off the F key in time
                            ,# 8,
                                Family Name: Myserie
Region: NA
Class: Awakened Guardian and Awakened Witch
Suggestion: Depraved Kzarka

You have an Elvia quest to solo defeat the Depraved Kzarka. I've tried it many times with both my Awakened Guardian and her tagged equivalent (so identical gear), the awakened witch. I finally gave up bcause even with 298 AP and 341 DP I just could not do enough damage to kill the monster in the 6 1/2 minutes you provide (you can't harm it the first half minute).??I hate to imagine how hard it must be for a Shai to defeat that monster in the required time limit.

I suggest you start monitoring those who attempt the Depraved Kzarka questlines and generate statistics on what classes fail and what classes succeed and how close the come when they fail.

You can also lump the statistics by gear scores so you can compare by class the effectiveness of each class in survivability (how often they die trying) and damage output (how close they come to beating it or if they succeed).

Forget the forums. I suggest you use your own tools to compare classes against fixed challenges :)
                            ,# 9,
                                Family Name: BrassicaRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): ShaiSuggestion: Add new crowd control ability(s)Details: Forest's Echo was once a real threat in group PvP, but Super Armor rotations have slowly turned it into a death trap for the Shai instead. Adding crowd control to opponents and setting up your real damage classes for kills is good support work.
>Look I could pretend to add some suggestions or I could just be honest. Shai needs Suplex.

Imagine a florang flies in from the right, bonks the bear knocking it backwards. Shai grabs him from behind and introduces him to the Earth. If anyone wants to pull that striker out of the ground, they're going to need artisan gathering.*edited to add improved gif.

                            ,# 10,
                                Family Name: Honua_MeaRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Shai (Talent)Suggestion: Artina Sol is the center of many Shai problemsDetails: A lot of Shai's issues center around her Talent Weapon: Artina Sol. This has the same base stats as a Dandelion weapon, but unlike a Dande, it cannot be bought or sold on the Central Market, cannot be tagged to or from any character (even Shai to Shai), can't be exchanged via Weapon Exchange coupons, can't be Caphras'd, and can't be guaranteed PEN'd via Jetina. There is no Blackstar or Godr-Eyed Sol.

While Shai's DR shred is good (-35 is ~15 DR better than most classes' -20), it does not make up for the loss of stats on our Awakening Weapon:* +10 species damage (random 7-10 base damage) on Blackstar OR 12 species damage (random 8-12 base damage) on Dandelion* +25 Monster AP on PEN Blackstar / Godr-Eyed* +12 accuracy at PEN Blackstar or Dandelion c20

All damage numbers are in base damage, which gets scaled by the skill percent per-hit. While Monster AP from Blackstar becomes less effective (~50-70%) over a grindspot's AP softcap, both DR shred and species damage are both very effective over this softcap. Shai's DR shred is not inherently overpowered. All of this was confirmed on Global Labs with damage numbers on.

Please release Dandelion & Blackstar Sols! Give Shais an opportunity to pay silver to exchange their Artina, and treat Sol the same as any other class's Awakening Weapon.

edit: corrected spelling of 'Blackstar'
                            ,# 11,
                                Family Name: BrassicaRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Shai(mostly in practice)Suggestion: Allow Donkey and Alpaca to use Krogdalo Earth/Wind/Sea gear buff
Details: I tried as hard as any Shai could try to keep the Donkey and Alpaca frens dream alive. I mostly just taxi'd my main around with my tagged character to grind spots so I could bring Alpaca to places. But one day, I finally hit the point where the stat gains from Krogdalo buffs were by far my biggest stat gains per billion of silver spent.. and thats when the dream died :( BUT WE CAN BRING BACK THE DREAM DONKEY. I lost my train of thought. .

oh right. Yes please allow Alpaca and, or at least Donkey to wear and use krogdalo earth/wind/sea stat gear. Otherwise not only are these mounts unreasonable as methods of transportation, but they are also stat nerfs to any Shai making the effort to use them
                            ,# 12,
                                Family Name: RatunoRegion (NA/EU): EU Class: ShaiSuggestion:Tranform Sol artina into Sol artina dandelion.
Create new quest to transform Sol Artina. In this quest you need Dandelion aura to reforge your sol Artina, Then your reforge sol artina are same like regular dandelion... And add Black Star Sol Artina.
1?? You con build itas guaranteed PEN.
2?? Yoy can Tag it as dandelion .
3?? You can sell/ buy in market.
4?? You can improve with caphras.

                            ,# 13,
                                Family Name: RatunoRegion (NA/EU): EU Class: ShaiSuggestion: Same undewear like Global
1?? Add same basic underwear like global, dont force us to wear ugly pajamas?? that ruin a lot of outfits
2?? Add the rest of underwear types in pearl shop. It isn't unfair you can only?? get two new types from Underwear box by RNG
3?? With Termian event swimsuit box, there isn't option for shais, we want swuimsuits four our shais too!

                            ,# 14,
                                Family Name: RatunoRegion (NA/EU): EU Class: All

Suggestion: Create family skill points.
With my shai I've more than 1k of?? extraskill points. You should can covert every 3-5 extra skill points into one family skillpont to use in alters.


                            ,# 15,
                                Family Name: RatunoRegion (NA/EU): EU Class: All 

I think post like this isn't enought...There should be staff who regularly read the forums and regularly inform the developers with feedback.

The adventurers aren't always right, and sometimes we contribute bad ideas. But lately some of us, we have the feeling that PA simply does not interest our opinion ... I hope I am wrong.

There are many requests and with a large number of messages in forum .. simply without any answer by the PA team.

The majority of those who go here to complain or suggest ideas only want improve?? the game .. and many times our ideas are forgotten and the wind takes them.

I think PA should greatly improve the interaction between adventurers and developers. 

In this line, finally: PA should take advantage and make contests regularly with small rewards to encourage players to contribute ideas and improve the game. There should be competitions as before designing outfits too.
                            ,# 16,
                                Family name: Tina
Region: EU
Class: Shai (Talent)
Suggestion: Shai Alpaca Mount improvements please
Details: I was not sure if it fits here but having unique mounts for shai has always been fun, to use a speedy donkey instead of the traditional horse/dream. Now that we have the Alpaca permanently as a choice of a special mount, I do wish for it to become more functional instead of a meme.??
- Let it use its own stamina instead of player stamina when sprinting
- Let it be able to auto sprint like other mounts
- Add Joyride skill to alpaca (the one that elephants got)??

These changes would make the Alpaca so much more worth using. It's nice to think about some type of functionality when adding unique mounts for shai. Unless you want the alpaca to just be forgotten in stables forever.??

                            ,# 17,
                                Family name: Tina
Region: EU
Class: Shai (Talent)
Suggestion: Give Shais the Jetina pen reform possibility for Artina Sol

Details: Artina Sol is not tradable on the market place, hence the only way to acquire a PEN sol is by enhancing with abysmal RNG. All other classes got their awakening weapons listed in the market place (dandelion/godr/blackstar), but shai has none.??

My wish would be to include Artina Sol as part of Jetina weapon reform quest to compensate for this.

It shouldn???t feel like a detriment to choose to play shai, and tagging right now is a pain in the butt.
                            ,# 18,
                                Family Name:??ImsonicRegion:??EUClass:??Shai (Talent)Suggestion:??Being fair with the class.Details: Hello :) I'd like to put some feedback in regard to this class but I'm personally pessimistic about it since It's been rather pointless so far but well here I go.
I'd like to begin asking developers that if they don't have any intention of being fair with this class they just should put an announcement?? explaining it,?? if posible an explanation that goes beyong saying she's a special class or she's precious. Also to put a warning or expanation about it on the Shai's character selection description would be important (the way it is now she seems like an equal class to the rest but with a support role an that's far from the truth).

I think the only solution I see developers doing?? is making a complete rework of the class and releasing it as a new class turning her into a character like the others with some suportive capabilities just like Valkyrie, Witch and Wizard.

I will put feedback about the current Shai?? and some of the things I think she needs and would be fair to the class but as I said at the begining not expecting much.

                            ,# 19,
                                Family Name:??ImsonicRegion:??EUClass:??Shai (Talent)Suggestion:??Mobility.Details:??
This class lacks?? mobility especially protected and this is affecting her PVE, PVP and even lifeskill.
She needs a small/mid range dash skill with protection (SA, Iframe) and reasonable cooldown just like the other classes have. It doesn't need to be a fancy skill just a regular dash with the only purpose of increasing her movement speed and protections.
This skill should be able to be used as a flow from any instrument (talent) skill into Florang just like any class with a Q block is able to use their respective mobility skill when they are blocking.

The Yippee!: This skill should have a start up animation way faster that the one currently has, you should be able to enter the boosted speed at the begining of the skill if you want and ending the skill altoghether once the boosted speed is finished, it should be able to flow into Florang skills at any moment (just like the rest of the classes do with their respective movement skills). And finally it should have at the very least like 0,5 to 1s of protection (SA/Iframe) at the beginning of the skill for disengaging purposes (the other classes have full protected mobility skills so it isn't an unreasonable request).

Come out, Come out:??This skill should have like 20 to 30 seconds of cd even if it cost losing the ability to reveal hidden adventurers from it.
                            ,# 20,
                                Family Name:??ImsonicRegion:??EUClass:??Shai (Talent)Suggestion:??ProtectionsDetails:??
Shai currently has 2 Iframes (Hop and Play Dead) neither of them are good. The iframe from hop skill is practically unusable in most cases since this class uses this skill as her basic way of movement which means that you won't be able use?? the iframe when you need it. And Play death has 5 mins cd and gives 2 second iframe ...
I won't suggest that Play dead should have less cd, I'm ok with that and I understand the reason of it but I think the class should have another Iframe to her disposal either being a new skill altogheter or giving the iframe to an existing skill. (She is the class with the smallest skill kit to her disposal it should be posible to give her more skills).

Play dead:??As I said before i woudn't change the coldown from this skill but I it should be able to be used in the middle of other skills and cancel them (for example you should be able to use Play dead when the Shai is playing the flute).
And having in mind that is a 5 min cd skill it with the only purpose of giving invincibility wouldn't be too crazy to ask that the skill itself woudn't have a unprotected gap when the character is getting up, you should be able to chain it with other skills safely.

Over Here! (Bubble):??This skill should be able to be cancelled at any moment. And there is some instances where enemies are completely able to pass through the skill like it wasn't there, or damage goes through it from the outside .... In general this skill is buggy and it would need some refinement.

Tumble Wumble!:??This skill is practically useless but obligatory if you want to do the Pit of Undying since it's the only bound cc Shai has.
I would suggest to rework the skill altogether but at least it should give you the frontal guard for the whole duration of the skill and not have the huge gap it currently has.

S block:??Shai should have at least S block to her disposal I understand that as a support she would have some PVP damage handicaps but there is no reason to not give her S block at least.??




                            ,# 21,
                                Family Name:??ImsonicRegion:??EUClass:??Shai (Talent)Suggestion:??HealingsDetails:??
Shai should have way better heals that she currently have I don't find any reason for it not being the case since she is a support class and out of all the classes that have the ability to heal allies for some reason she's the worst by a lot, on top of that she is the only one that has a lot of handycaps for being a support ...

Get Well:??This skill needs a considerable buff?? the skill itself has a very high cooldown, heals very little, and has no protections (on a class that barely has no protections or mobility that would make the healing skills more effective).
I would suggest that this skill should heal 3000 hp every 30 secs with super armor. And even with this change shai wouldn't be the best healer in the game.

Sharing is Caring:??This skill heals a total of 1400 hp (at best) after 30 seconds ... and can be blown away by a sigle attack from an enemy player...

I would consider making part of this buffs to the healings only apply to allies instead of herself if the buffs themselves give her too much sustain on pve.

                            ,,,# 23,
                                Family Name:??ImsonicRegion:??EUClass:??Shai (Talent)Suggestion: We're gonna win! skill Details:??I'd say this skill needs to be remade completely, it's a good concept but not very well executed.
-?? To begin with, you don't have any any visual hint of the range or area of effect this skill has while trying to buff/debuff.
-?? ??It has a bug that if you release or cancel the skill no matter the instrument (flute, guitar or drums) while using a skill with anything that isn't LMB the skill duration will be paused and not reset which means the second time you use the same skill it will finish before it should because it would resume the timer that was previously paused.
-?? ??The skill should have a visual hint of how long the skill will last before the shai releses the skill.
-?? ??The start animation the shai does with the drum before getting the?? We're Gonna Win! buff is too long to be able to use the skill properly.
-?? ??The visual animation of the shai walking while using the drums is pretty ugly :P.
                            ,# 24,
                                Family Name: AtomicPotatoRegion (NA/EU): EUClass (Awakening/Succession): DK awakeningSuggestion:
1- fix skills gaps.
2- rework class damage to mystic/striker
3-class need healing ability.
4- vertical axis skills registerationDetails:
1- Skills protection durutation doesn't match skill animation time?? and some skills have "fancy" unprotected animations midl skill that do nothing but you take all damage/CC in that animation that interupt whole skill.
2- Class damage ratio is a joke, awa DK deal zero, more like negative (healing) damage to striker/mystic while they both 1 shot DK with moving skill.
3- Very simple, DK?? have 0 healing skills, both PVE and PVP you have to potion back up.
4- Target 1 pixel in the air and your skills doesn't see it. Even Obsidian Ashes, which claimed being "fixed" (afaik twice already) doesn't hit targets anymore.
                            ,# 25,
                                Family Name:??ImsonicRegion:??EUClass:??Shai (Talent)Suggestion:??Visual indication from buffs on Low-SpecDetails:??It would be nice you could have a visual indication of the buffs Shai has given to?? allies when her resolution of the game is below High-spec (I'm referring to the runes you can see floating around the players when they have Shai buffs).
                            ,,,# 27,
                                Family Name:??ImsonicRegion:??EUClass:??Shai (Talent)Suggestion: Shai needs too many hotkeys to workDetails:
You need to have set a lot of hotkeys to properly use the class I would suggest this to help with the issue.
I would remove all the hotkeys from all her buffs, debuffs and drum skills and i would add three hotkeys one for the flute, the guitar and the drums, once you press any of the hotkeys, she would start playing the choosen instrument and giving the Tuning effect without doing anthing else until you press the key combination to use the buff, debuff, drum skill you need. I would also allow to use this skills and then hop to add some protection.
Doing it like this could help too with aiming when you have the We're gonna win buff.


Ok, I'm going to stop posting more feedback now I definetly could put more but I think I have took too many space on this post and should not overshadow other people with their own feedback. Sorry for the inconvenience.
                            ,# 28,
                                Family Name: YberDCRegion: EUClass: Warrior (Awakening)Suggestion: PvE ImprovementsDetails: Awakening warrior is underwhelming in PvE, very high effort, low reward. Currently, a very high effort (high APM and using animation cancels) Awakening Warrior grinder obtains between 10 and 35% less loot than most other classes in PvE (exacervated on endgame spots) on a similar, or often times, lower level of effort. The main problems are a raw lack of damage and very slow animations (low damage per second), which can't be fixed with something like critical chance adjustements, because most skills have (or can reach) 100% already, and Awakening Warrior runs out of skills to use, even with these slow animations. To fix the problem, I suggest applying any combination of these changes, NOT all of them simultaneously.

- Gravedigging: Increase animation speed by x1.5 (make it 50% faster than it is now) OR increase damage per hit/number of hits (adjust PvP damage modifier accordingly), reduce cooldown from 8 to 7 seconds. The damage on the skill is fine, but the animation is far too long. With the massive nerfs to the skill on PvP, it won't change much on that area.
- Flow: Slashing the Dead: better hit registration, goes over small obstacles, more hits for more overall damage (adjust PvP damage modifier accordingly). The skill often misses entirely due to the very bad hitbox detection (particularly when there's any kind of elevation present), and when it hits, the damage is underwhelming at best. It's also very counter intuitive that a branch on the ground is able to stop the character in place when he's spinning in the air. The cooldown is fine, does not need adjustements.
- Reckless Blow: remove the chargeup timer and make it instant cast with full damage OR increase damage by 50% (adjust PvP modifier accordingly), and decrease cooldown from 10 to 8 seconds (currently this skill acts as bottleneck for PvE combos due to it's long cooldown). It's the only skill with tier 3 addons in for the class and it's painfully slow to use, with very low damage for a windup skill.
- Frenzied Strikes: remove bound effect in PvP, remove knockback effect from PvE, forward guard without core skill, 40% damage increase (adjust PvP modifier accordingly), critical hit damage buff duration up by +3 seconds from what it is now. This skill exists exclusively for PvE and it's extremely underwhelming, with low damage and an extremely slow animation, but we HAVE to use it during combos to not run out of cooldowns.
- Flow: Heaven's Cleave: 50% PvE damage increase, +5% extra back attack damage for 7 seconds (adjust PvP modifier accordingly).
- Flow: Hilt Strike: remove stiff effect in PvP, add forward guard, add +2 hits in PvE or equivalent damage modifier increase. This skill is necesary in spots that require high accuracy, but it deals next to no damage and is unprotected, so most players lock it and forgen it's existance.
- Balance strike: add +4 hits in PvE (from 3 to 7) or equivalent damage modifier increase, add 100% critical hit chance PvE only. Currently, most people use it as filler damage or as movement between packs. The AoE damage on it is tiny, but this makes it worth using during combos and in spots like Gyfin Underground or Quint Hill.
- Pulverize and Flow: Tempest: add +3 hits in PvE (from 7 to 10). It's the ONLY forward guard ability in Awakening (provided you don't go through with the Frenzied Strikes changes) while also being the ONLY sustain ability for the class. While the sustain and protections are fine, it should be able to finish off leftover mobs, as once used, we're out of PvE protection.

These changes are not meant to be applied all at once, but to give a decent selection of possible buffs to PvE for the class to pick from. Fundamentally, the problems are low damage coupled with low damage per second, but simply increasing damage numbers and animation speed will result in running out of cooldowns, thus cooldown adjustements are needed in tandem.



                            ,# 29,
                                Family Name: Remminia
Region (NA/EU): NA
Class (Awakening/Succession): Shai(Talent)
Suggestion: Sprinkle-Sparkle should apply -10% Forward Guard
Details: Shai is clearly intended to be a ???Jack of all trades??? support class. This becomes apparent if you take into account her skills: She has one of the fastest skills in the game, but it has a long windup and is completely unprotected. She has heals; neither of them are even close to the healing skills of Wizard/Witch. She has good CC, but is completely immobile during it. She has good damage, but is completely unprotected during it and she has no Down Attack/Air Attacks.??
Fitting with this concept Shai has several abilities that are super niche and I believe intentionally so: She has ???Come out, Come out??? which is a revealing skill that taunts mobs. She has ???Gather Around??? a purely PVE skill that pulls some mobs towards her. She has ???We???re Gonna Win??? which makes a lot of changes to how her talent abilities work. This is good design for a ???Jack of all trades??? support. However, she has a skill called Sprinkle-Sparkle.
??
Sprinkle-Sparkle is a useless skill in the modern day. Its mana drain is pointless, due to almost everyone carrying mana potions, and its mana restore is useless, for the same reason. This was not as true before the merge of potions, but now with 1 type of mana potion it is extremely uncommon to find someone who doesn???t have mana potions. Also in AoS the passive mana regen makes this ability useless.
??
Shai in PVP has major downsides already, and this is apparent in AOS. Shai???s damage abilities are very low, and Shai???s unprotected mobility leaves her to be focused and caught. Shai in PVP is not a strong class by any means. I am clarifying this now.
Shai can deal with high SA classes sometimes with her ???Forest Echo??? ability, as it is able to exploit gaps in combos. A skilled player can avoid having these gaps, so it's a fair mechanic with counterplay.
??
Shai has no ability to deal with Shield classes. These classes are Nova, Valk, Guardian, and Warrior. When these classes block, they get Super Armor. Even if a Shai is able to get around their backs, these classes will not be CCed. This leads to a unique PVP circumstance, where Shai has literally no ability to counter a class with a shield.
Let's take the Best Shai player in the world, and pit them against the worst Shield class player in the world. Shai can not do anything to them until they leave the block. Shai has no ability to pressure them into engaging with her. So she stands and waits to catch the Shield user once the drop block. This gives the Shield class all the initiative. Skill does not matter in this case, the Shai has no ability to counterplay. The Shield class just walks up to the Shai and wins any engagement. The Shield class may make a major mistake, or move to the Shai unprotected, but this doesn???t have to happen. The worst Shield class can just walk at Shai and win.
This is a unique circumstance. There is no other case in the game where a player cannot use their skill to overcome a class difference in PVP. There are hard counters, like Nova vs Corsair, where the Corsair is more likely to win, but the Nova can win. The Nova can engage, the Nova has choices to how they play that will influence how the fight goes. The Corsair has the advantage, but is prone to being engaged on and messing up.
??
So for Shai, I propose changing Sprinkle-Sparkle to give a -10% Forward Guard.This gives a Shai the ability to pressure, while still being extremely weak in this matchup. A Shai would have to be completely unprotected for casting Sprinkle-Sparkle 10 times to truly break a Forward Guard. This would take around 10 seconds to do. This gives the Shield user plenty of time to engage on Shai and punish her for doing this, but it gives Shai the ability to force the Shield class to confront her. In forcing this confrontation, the best Shai player would now beat the worst Shield class player, as she has the ability to engage the fight.
??
When Corsair came out everyone thought their Guard Break would be too strong, and Node Wars would consist only of Corsairs. This clearly did not happen. I think the community might be concerned with a change like this, but would quickly realize this ability is on Shai.
??
This also has the added benefit of adding supportive skills to the support class, which just makes sense.
                            ,# 30,
                                Family Name: WhysoRegion (NA/EU): EUClass (Awakening/Succession): Wizard (Awakening)Suggestion: Class needs to be sturdier in melee and needs to have its zone respected more if it was to be still left in its "tower class" designDetails:
Awakened casters are at the current state of the game relic of the past and can't take lots of punishment in super fast meta of everyone being able to catch up to them in a blink of an eye and keep damaging them until they are dead (unless the grab them and kill them before damaging them to death).

Turret class DOESN'T work if people aren't respecting their aoe zone, be it via WAY nastier debuffs or WAY higher damage. As it is now people see awakened caster and their first thought it to go straight for them knowing they can't do much to stop them and that problem kinda multiplies many times over when that teleport spell is used.
Class needs some help as it is inferior to its succession spec in literally ALL forms of PvP.?? It is virtually all but dead spec in EU at the moment.??
Suggestions that should be considered:- increase duration (or lower cooldown)of Mana shield for awakened spec

- add extra charge(s) on awakened skill Flow: magical evasion

- add command to use Elementalization from staff stance- make pets use all your stats, including %damage modifiers like from corrupted gems. Sucks to have such large of your kit not using all your gear? why is this even happening?
- iron out class modifiers?? - > some classes simply ignore us due to having big advantage there and they also have bit kit advantage fighting us to begin with
- maybe remove downsmash from Calling of Fire and give it FG and some (+20%)+critical chance buff over 10 sec- remove airsmash from Flow: Aqua bomb, also, why does it have split damage in 2017? I know people didnt look kindly at Water sphere and its flow being spammed from castle walls like 5 years back but today its totally weird to put this restriction on this class spec.- awa wizard has crap ranged options as it is. its supposed to be middle range class afaik, and very few of its spells reeach further than a bit wider melee coupled with atrocious reposition options.
- maybe put T3 addon on Awakened version of Bolide of destruction? somehow improve the spell at least, succession version is legit few times better and faster skill. Also, if u BON it, it doesnt apply down attack on its own cc from KD.
- rework Chilling wave, it is simply not good skill and its frontal guard is dubious at best, also very weak block bar. Takes forever to apply damage in todays meta. Also, every other class today seems to have some sort of FG penetration, blockjump or simply goes through fg for whatever reason vs this long static skill with actually disappointing dps. If its supposed to be some sorf of big damage finisher skill, it is failing in its job. see sorceres skill cartian nightmare for refernece. Theres a way better way it was done.
- Hellfire gets stopped under enemy hits since forever ( https://streamable.com/8sk19v ). Remove friendly collision at least from the skill. Make your character not drop from tiniest elevation distance if u used hellfire from some height ( https://streamable.com/oua5ay ). It even gets stuck on corpses on the floor! Make 50% BSR?? Hellfire version gain SA. Its useless at the moment. Also make BSR version chain Magma bomb and Flame knot as original spell.-Flame knot often lacks range to connect to Hellfire, which is its combo connection spell by design. https://streamable.com/tr9455?? Adjust a tiny little bit so that this doesnt happen because its actually sad now and is self grief.??
-FIX skills not working on slopes/elevations? Our skills are long and take long to cast and often even then they don't connect with enemies due to Y axis issues. It is often feeling we are self CCing ourselves and doing nothing to people unless terrain is flat and nice, and you know that isn't happening often in nodewar/siege scenarios.


p.s. it wouldnt be bad if mana pool for the class was increased without us needing to sacrifice lightstone set. i dont see other classes having basically locked lightstone sets for them. mana level hasnt been raised since 2017 basically, beside this 4xmindstone set.

                            ,# 31,
                                Family Name: SyllabusRegion (NA/EU): EUClass (Awakening/Succession): Sorceress SuccessionSuggestion: Class underperforms in PVPDetails:
Succession sorc is a loot weaker in PVP than its awakening counterpart. Biggest issue are the limited protected movement capabilities and the much lower damage of skills like Violation compared to the awakening sorc version.??
Improvements I would like to see to make the class more accessible:
SA on Prime Midnight Stinger:??Awakening sorc has more movement and protected movement capabilities. Making Prime Midnight Stinger SA would at least make protected movement a little less challenging. Or give us Core Skills to put extra protection onto a skill we choose.
Reduce Crow Flare cooldown to 1 second:??Succession sorc does not have an S-Block so it is impossible to stay protected for a longer amount of time. The 2 second cooldown prevents us from at least having an easy playable combination of Crow Flare->Night Crow->Crow Flare to have some protection. Instead we have to rotate somethine like Crow Flare->Night Crow->Rushing Crow->Violation->Crow Flare->Night Crow->Dark Flame->Night Crow->Crow Flare to manage the cooldowns, which is very easy to screw up.??
Give us an S-Block:??Alternative to the reduced Crow Flare cooldown, just give us an S-Block that more or less all other classes have. There is no reason for succ sorc not to have an S-Block.
Adjust the PVP damage: Succession sorc already has a lot less damage skills than awakening sorc so at least let the skills she has do the same damage in PVP. There is absolutely no excuse that the prime version of a skill does less damage than the absolute version of the skill.??

I am sure there could be more but these are my personal biggest issues.
                            ,# 32,
                                Family Name:??PhelsongRegion:??NAClass:??ShaiSuggestion:??Shai Psuedo ReworkDetails: Shai is and has been underperforming in ALL content save a couple of very endgame pve spots. She breaks things are some extremes or niche situations, but is just bad in almost every other area of the game.??Shais core issues lie in excessive cooldowns and a handful of buggy mechanics. What I would suggest is basically a proper rework, as it stands right now Shai will not be buffed in a way that makes her effective for the majority of players.____-- We're Gonna Win needs a rework in general. It doesnt function properly; stuff cancels itself randomly, moving causes songs to double cast, movement abilities cancel songs but dont actually..., and the list goes on.I would suggest making the Songs have the Ranged component and melee aura componenet by default, rework WgW to do something else beneficial.??possible options...---- 1: (more) additional bongo damage at the cost of some utility---- 2: Added Tute (flute) song effects at the cost of damage---- 3: protections at the cost of damage---- 4: self Defense at the cost of damage---- 5: Change Song effects in some interesting way---- 6: Single use Skill augment---- 7: 3-5 sec Super Armor group buff---- 8: some combination of any of the above
-- Tam Tam (Bongo) skills simply do not do enough damage or have enough utility to justify their usage outside of simple PvP cc and are legitimately a DPS loss in basically any usage.---- Bongo Damage should be buffed at least 100%, if not more, on all 3.??I would reccomend +30-50% damage boost, plus 30% crit rate, plus down attack added.---- IF ^ damage is buffed, Getting addons for these skills would be a nice perk.---- With mobility and protection creep after reboots, the CC components are just not as effective as they used to be. Damage is too high, I would suggest adding some inherent DR% to all 3 (or at least Echo)[+20% DR rate while playing bongo?], so they are useable without simply being killed thru them.---- Sun's Fury slow is just not competetive for a support class, numerous classes have 30%+ and almost every class has easily accessible 20%. This is not adequate utility for the handful of skills we have.I would suggest buffing the slow to -35% [by adding +15% to Sol, making up for reducing Haze bonus][doing it this way also keeps it to -31% in solare]
-- Misty Haze nerf was too excessive and greatly dimished the class's playstyle. Missing the skill via FG, movement, or just poor aim and being locked out for 3 whole minutes is too punishing. Plus, we want to play a bard, let us play music.I would suggest reducing the rate to 15%/15% [with Pen Artina], reducing the cooldown/duration back to 20 seconds, and reduce the stacking effect with Rang to -20 in PvE and PvP (and Rang not stacking with other classes -dp). [by reducing Sol bonus to +5% at Pen]
---- ^ ie make Hop3, Twirl3, and Kwik2: -20 All DP in PvE and PvP
-- Delusive i would also suggest reducing to 20 sec cooldown to match, its one of the few powerful skills we have to change a group fight. I would also like to see the -ap buffed to -35 and the -crit chance% reduced to 35% (to compensate somewhat)-- I would love to see another Tring (lute) song that has a -healing% and/or potent a Damage over Time effect.??
-: 20 sec cd, Super Armor, -15% Healing Recieved, 1000% x 40 (over the 20 seconds), and 80 pain damage per 2 for 20 seconds
-- Tute (flute) as a whole needs some kind of protection, its far too easy to get interupted and locked down as a Shai. this applies for both PvE and PvP. Were forced to eat mob CC/damage since where stuck standing still and/or jump around trying to avoid it and breaking up mob groupings. In pvp, any random/stray CC finds its way to us. We cant even be in range to buff teammates without also being in CC range.??I would suggest Frontal Guard on all Tute songs, so we can be protected from random CC but also cant just freely buff allies forever.
-- Tute Rank 3 system needs a rework, this in concept is fine, but the choices put forward are not compelling and feel bad.---- Sun, Moon, Stars R3: Just feels like this should be the default for us as a Shai.??I would suggest removing Sun, Moon, Stars from the rank3 system and having it be a choice between only the other 3.---- Shout to the Sky R3: I would make the Hot baseline for Rank2 and have Rank3 just increase the healing amount. This also doesnt scale at all, with my already 9-10k HP pool it feels very lackluster.-: Rank 2: +15% Max HP, +10% HP, +100 HP per 2 for 10 seconds [this is still about +700 max at "normal hp" levels, Valk puri is 20% heal on 8 sec cd.]-: Rank 3: +20% Max HP, +15% HP , +150 HP per 2 for 10 seconds [this is around +1200 max]---- Summer Rain R3: This skill has been made almost useless in PvP with the CC changes and only effective for some niche content as is.-: Rank 2: +30% All Resist, +5% DR Rate, +15DR-: Rank 3: +40% All Resist, +8% DR rate, + 20DR---- Time to Shine R3: The BSR is awesome, but is totally invisible the vast majority of the time.-: Rank 2: +3% BSR regen, +1 Hp on Attack, +100 MP per 5-: Rank 3: + 4% BSR regen, +2 Hp on Attack, +150 MP per 5This Change gives each one a solid role. 1 for healing, 1 for defense, 1 for offense
-- Tuning is and has always been a useless skill, please rework it into something.
-- Do it Better; animation needs a speed up. Its currently the only E buff in the game that can literally kill you to use.moving on to Pre-awakening:-- Surf is just poorly designed, the novelty has long worn off.Please make the start/stop significantly faster or give it Super Armor
-- Come Out, Come Out: the CD is opressive for what it does. Its a Taunt skill, similar skills have a 15-20 sec CD. Not 2 minutes.I would suggest reducing the cooldown to 20 seconds
-- Play Dead, 5 min cd for what is Nightmare/Nocture without the cool bonuses....I would suggest reducing cooldown to between 30-60 seconds
-- Rabams other than Twirl Boom need a complete rework.---- Spirits AI is terrible, they die too easy, and have too much overlap/dont stack with similar effects.??Would suggest making the effect (short) ranged projectiles and increasing the base HP/DP---- Tumble is just bad; no damage, protection doesnt even last the skill duration, does get the flow speed buff Twirl Boom does...??I would just make this baseline, increase the FG duration and give use a new Rabam. We need the Pve bound of misc content anyways---- Careful doesnt heal enough, heal yourself, and has horrible Z axis issues. Doesnt heal anyone at all the majority of the time.??I would make this more like Corsair's Mist Effects-:?? +100 HP to self and allies per second while in area. lasts 10 seconds (20 sec CD)---- Now!; I would make this like Toxic Flood, but reveals/slows and some minor damage??-:?? 700x20 (over the duration), reveals enemines, -10% all slow for 5 seconds. lasts 10 seconds (12 sec CD)
-- Get Well needs % scaling and a buff, it just does not heal remotely enough.??Alternately i would suggest reworking it to be a Super HoT as it meshes with the other parts of the kit
-: +10% HP on ticks (max 3), +350 per 2 for 10 seconds --- cooldown lowered to 60 seconds
-- Sprinkle Sparkle, has almost no relevance to the game. At the very least Id suggest making in a Mana over time and significantly stronger, if not entirely changing it.I would suggest a Slow/Dot cleanse with Super Armor on a low CD.

--Gather Round; needs some love. It doesnt work against most mobs [even life mobs], doesnt do damage, and costs stamina? what even is this.
dont really know how/should this should be fixed in context of other suggestions.
-- Gathering/Alchemy passives need a rework. They suck. bad.
ideas: random Trace Drops on monster kills, increase elxir durations, increase chance of extra gathering loot, increased chance at more alchemy blue procs, +mastery, etc....Tuck and Roll + Hop, Skill buffs need their durations increased to 15 or 20 seconds. We have too much to keep up for these to have such short windows.??Go Away needs its hotkey changed to S + F and probably should be a Bound or KD.??Add Caphras Enhancement to Sol. We cant keep up in the brackets with other classes, making Talent damage even worse than it already is.??Shai also as a whole needs another hard look at ability flow, certain skills get caught or interupted do to hit stagger (not even proper CC).PvP damage taken needs a look as well, most of us are fine with being a full support class, but being forced into seperate gear to not get blown up is unacceptable.??
                            ,,,,,# 35,
                                Family Name: JonneyfiveRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): AwakeningSuggestion: Adjust protections/scalingDetails: Awakening warrior was argueably top 1v1'er for a time or at least the top few but with recent changes to other classes including warrior gravedig nerf its fallen behind the 1v1 scene as "top" and because of this struggles even more in large scale and AoS than it used to.Previously warrior used to act as a "Rat" or flex class, running around or staying with their group winning 1v1s in quick succesion to be useful and have impact on war, outside of T1s it is NOT viable at all in any mainball as its Q block is instantly blown up with 401dp+ and even can happen in certain 1v1 scenarios. With gravedig nerf it cannot trade with certain classes (Musa, succ dracc, mae, etc) and is 100% reliant on grab. Grab is currently unprotected, a 14second CD & is heavily impacted by both yours and your oppenents ping to servers. If you play vs a musa or Mae with lower ping than you it is almost impossible to grab them if they are skilled as they can abuse the desync to "teleport" around your character. This and with the combination of warriors unprotected movement and lack of sustained movement the class has to be aggressive and is a risk/reward of if grab misses you lose and if it lands they lose, which is fun for no one.Suggestion: Warrior needs some sort of protected movement, needs some sort of protected ability to trade but we dont want it to be reliant solely on grab & Grave slow as protected slows (above 10%) should not exist in BDO.Reckless core if full charged: Allows warrior to have a procted CC or dmg that has a long charge time, making it so people can easily counter it with a grab or evade it if needed while giving warrior some sort of sustain and dmg.Remove core solar flare and make Super armor innate along with removing its CC. Solar flare is rarely used as a CC anyways and is currently our only protected disengage which is still VERY unreliable as it needs headchase to also be on cooldown. Solar flare innate SA allows for better mobility and allows warrior to take something else as core to help the kit.Headchase flow, add headchase flow as a secondary cooldown to headchase (similar to wizard Teleport Flow) but instead of iframe make it SA. Allows for warrior to move without it being broken as another iframe.Heavens cleave SA, flow out of solar flare thats insanely slow needs SA as it also deals low dmg in comparison to other skills other classes have that are SA.Keep gravedig slow at 10% but restore it to 10seconds, 10% slow is fairly neglible for most classes in uncapped PvP and only matters in AoS, in group fights you're still killing people but gives warrior only a slight edge.Add other affects to warcry, scars and other skills that give dp/dr buffs. As they've removed the stacking they're now useless as we always have Q block buff which overwrites these.
                            ,# 36,
                                Family Name: CaustRegion (NA/EU): EUClass (Awakening/Succession): Berserker AwakeningSuggestion: Flame buster combined with our Q buff: Titan SyndromeDetails:
- Currently we have the issue that with our q buff active we are not able to fast fire without animation. The level 2 & 3 of flame buster when you fire put you in an animation before firing the shot that is way to long in a meta with a lot of fast classes than can drop cc's in the locked animation.
Solution:
- Keep the system for q buff as it is. It's ok that the infinite knockdowns got removed. But currently our q buff feels really stale to use and way more useless to use overall, it's still unprotected even with high resists. Giving us our normal damage on a fast cast just like level 1 flame buster seems like a fair reward for positioning. I currently play with it on level 1 since atleast i can move around decently fast at the loss of a lot of damage.TLDR:??Make is so that Titan syndrome enables Berserker to use a fast animation Flame buster on ALL levels and not just level 1.For the rest the class is fine. Thanks for years of joy!
                            ,,,# 38,
                                Family Name: Uca
Region: EU
Class: Awakening Mystic
Suggestion: Improve pvp utility

Mystic
Mystic is a really interesting melee class. The class has amazing control around her. Her succession has amazing damage where her awakening is more about control and support. Personally I don't think awakening having strong damage for PvP is what Pearl Abyss envisions for the spec. I like that awakening is more supportive in PvP, being a tanky class with good control and with low damage. However I do think that her intended presence and pressure isn't living up to the expectations. These changes is what mystic needs to make the intention of Pearl Abyss a reality.

Changes
Mystic awakening doesn't really have frontals. The proctection is mostly Super Armor. This is good to be able to soak damage while still being a threat. However I do think that she should get a skill with frontal guard in awakening. Since adding a new frontalguard would be a bit excessive, I was thinking about changing the Super Armor of Gushin Water to Frontal Guard. This would give her the ability to react to threats and incoming damage since Gushin Water is an amazing skill that flows off of other skills. This would also make the gameplay more fluid by giving awakening the chance to block damage rather than soaking it.

Awakening Mystic's new skill called Raging Wind was introduced with the intent of pulling monsters better. I have yet to experience this "intention" with the new skill. The range is pretty cool but you don't pull monsters using Raging Wind. It's also not practical to use the skill in PvE to pull. This cool idea Pearl Abyss had, could be turned into something better for PvP. The skill has no damage which is totally fine. However adding a stiff on Raging Wind would make the skill usefull. Adding a Knockdown on Dragon Strike after Raging Wind would give awakening more utility to control the fight around her, better.

Conclusion
Rather than buffing her weakness (that is having low damage in PvP), Pearl Abyss should buff the good part of Awakening which is control and support.

PS:??I happen to have this feedback translated in Korean as well, because I made a koreanpost a couple of weeks ago. Link to the post.
                            ,# 39,
                                Family Name: EnchanterrRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Awaken WarriorSuggestion: Fixing iframe and getting cced in SA skills.
Details: Warrior iframe is absolute garbage. 80% of the times it doesn't work as you get cced in it or grabbed in it. You can't give a stable iframe to classes like sorc then keep shity iframe on other classes like warrior that doesn't even function properly as intended. You also talk about balacing all the classes but you only ended nerfing two classes which was warrior and succ drakania then you go on to buff succ dk which doesn't make sense at all. A lot of warrior gets cced in SA skills like gravedig or slashing of the dead a lot of the times which another issue where skills is not working as intended. Honestly just play your game for once in open world or in Solare then you will realize how much garbage and bugs are in game. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to know what the issues are. You're asking us to give feedback and we've been giving it to you but none of the feedback we sent gets changed unless every bdo player cries about it. If not all the players give feedback about something doesn't mean that's not broken as well. Just fix warrior iframe at least where it works properly....
                            ,# 40,
                                Family Name: SeinaruuRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Succession MaehwaSuggestion: passive change, stamina regen on whirlwind cut and petal swirl cd reduction??Details: the passive on succession maehwa being ignore stun resist has extreme low value considering the succession passives of other classes. Especially when you changed prime blind thrust from stun to stiff leaving decap the only stun in the succession kit which is used so much outside of any way to utilize it's stun. Request a passive change to match the needs of the class, such as 5-15% stamina cost reduction on chase would be a good balance.

To further help the stamina management of the kit since it cannot rotate forward guards reliably, whirlwind cut ought to regen stamina. It's only fair considering that musa fiery angel movement ability regens stamina which makes very little sense if all movement abilities are suppose to consume stamina. Whirlwind cut is not a movement skill but a trading skill or finisher. It deserves a stamina buff.

Petal swirl being the old 15 secs cool down is extremely out of date compared to the awakening kit's petal swirl cool down. Match the cool down of the ability.??

Additionally, maehwa has very little to combat grabs and trading and nothing compared to musa's fiery angel's utility. Sleet step iframe and sa on cd would be of great benefit to the awakening kit. Stigma on both kits would benefit greatly having initial iframe into SA on stab and give her the edge she needs to outplay grab classes.??
                            ,# 41,
                                Family Name: DqGDemonic
Region: EU(Console)
Class: Berserker (Succession)
Suggestion: Predatory Hunt improvement:
At the moment we can only use the explosion after a lava piercer > predatory hunt combo.

I would like to see the ability to use the explosion without the need to use lava piercer first, because with the console state we do not have access to free mouse movement landing our explosion is a lot harder.

Example: predatory hunt > jump > explosion.??
Example: predatory hunt > jump > jump > explosion.

Basically giving zerk more control of the timing when to use the explosion, this will also give him a bit more freedom on ccing people.


                            ,# 42,
                                Family Name: VeltasRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Dark Knight (Succession)Suggestion: Spirit Satiation and Vedir's DogmaDetails:

Spirit Satiation: the current skill at rank 3 recovers 30 HP per tick while we remain stationary & unprotected and channel the skill. I propose: drastically increase the HP recovery of the skill, but also apply a significant Minus DP debuff while we use it and for a short time after. The intent of this idea is to allow better HP recovery when out of combat, but the addition of a temporary DP debuff balances this better HP recovery by ensuring we cannot use Spirit Satiation during combat or immediately re-engage after using it. It provides so little HP on use in its current state, that Spirit Satiation is basically useless. If I am in a situation where I am using Spirit Satiation to recover HP, I would most likely be better off simply dying and respawning rather than trying to recover health with the skill as it currently is. So an improvement to the HP regen is very desirable. Again, I appreciate that having too easy an HP regen may be imbalanced and promote too reckless of play if it is too trivial to recover HP between reckless engagements. So that is why I recommend balancing the proposed immense HP regen with a temporary DP debuff or something similar so that it is useable but not abuseable. Perhaps DP reduction is not the precise answer, but the general idea still applies - Give Spirit Satiation significantly better HP regen so that this ability is truly useful, and give it a disadvantage to keep it balanced.??



Vedir's Dogma: I propose making Vedir's Dogma a more essential part of the Dark Knight class. Currently, Vedir's Dogma increases minor ability damage by 20%, at a negligible periodic MP cost. However, the abilities it improves are sseldom used, and the MP cost is so minor as to be negligible. The ability is currently not useful except for the interesting cosmetic effect applied to the kriegsmesser. I propose a dramatic change to how this ability works.??
This will sound severe but bear with me. First, reduce all DK damage across the board for all abilities when Vedir's Dogma is not active. Second, rework Vedir's Dogma so that while using it, it increases ALL DK damage by an appropriate amount for ALL DK abilities. Thirdly, increase the resource costs of Vedir's Dogma so that it is not completely negligible. Basically, re-imagine Vedir's Dogma as an effect that a DK player wants to keep active, that they absolutely enjoy being in. Vedir's Dogma will be a state of being for a DK that the DK must manage to some degree. Using it will be critical, not using it will be suboptimal. Vedir's Dogma is not currently interesting. I don't care if you make it "strong" because DK does NOT need to be stronger, but I want this ability to actually matter to my play. The specifics of my proposal are unimportant, but the general idea is that I want Vedir's Dogma to actually make a difference.??
                            ,# 43,
                                Family Name: DqGDemonic
Region: EU(Console)
Class: Berserker (Succession)
Suggestion: Fierce strike improvement:
After the reboot the old combo to kill evasion no longer works due to beast form.

I would like to have fierce strike split into 2 different skills.

Claw skill for beast form
Fierce strike as it currently is.

That way we can use our combo's more fluently without having to consider to go beast form or normal form.

This will make the old combo: smackdown > sb > fd > fd > fs work or improve the animation speed from claw fs > fd/ulti fd that it feels simular as the old combo.
                            ,# 44,
                                Family Name: DarkskysRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Maehwa/AwakeningSuggestion: Sleet step IframeDetails: I would like to see some consideration of having the iframe being put back onto sleet step. 
With today's meta there is way to much damage in the game where it does not allow classes that are as squishy as Maehwa to negate some of the damage. Maehwa Fg is not strong enough to stop even half of the damage from one skill let alone all of it compared to other classes that have useable Iframes or tankiness an damage to out trade the other class.

The main problem with the current iframes on Maehwa is not actually being able to use them, as our main form of movement is Dashing an we don't really have a chance to time that iframe to negate that damage and the iframe on Evasive shot just isn't useable due to there not being enough time to swap to pre awk and charge up the bow then evasive shot without adding so much more risk then the iframe actually give benifit in a fight. 

While adding the iframe back to Sleet step allows us to have a change to negate some form of damage but also not being too strong as this skill already has a high cost of stam.

I don't believe adding more damage to Maehwa would fix this issue as we are more of a "Rat"/"combo" class and being able to just blow someone up would ruin the identity of Maehwa while also making people reroll to Maehwa just because it has damage to one shot someone.
                            ,# 45,
                                Family Name: NezorRegion (NA/EU): EUClass (Awakening/Succession): Mystic AwakeningSuggestion: BUG FIX and general IdeasDetails: - You couldn't cancel Flash Step with Elbow's Edge;
- ??? ??? If you spiral against a projectile that happens to CC, it makes your spiral shorter and it hits on the ending which is not protected;
- ??? Earth splitter Regen into wave orb doesn't let you consume the shards;
- ??? If you have respawn protection, you can use Tranquility but it doesn't generate the 3 shards;
- ??? ??? ??? If you are doing a combo where the last hit would generate the 3rd shard right before using Waveorb, you get interrupted and get an "please try again" error, this happens now alot with EVERY shard using skill like rising, Seaburial, Crouching, Flashstep, Silentstep;
- Using Iron Fist Fury on a horse in awa uses the succ version
- 50% Seaburial is still not the dmg that is listed also the description is fucked
- ??? ???Wolfs Frenzy I-Frame doesn't work when slowed (its probably because of the I-Frame rework)
- C-swap after Jump lmb doesn't swap stances
- Dragon-Shatter addons don't if used after Raging Wind
- ??? ??? ??? Getting 31 shards with Adamantine and then canceling Waveorb triggers "PLEASE TRY AGAIN"https://streamable.com/br1t5zOn another note:- Remove Downsmashes from Gushing Water and Earthsplitter, remove bound on Earthsplitter and make it protected, reason beeing it's re... not good too have so many Downsmashes.- Please look at Raging Wind and add FG, 50% dmg increase, because its useless at its current state- Mystic Awakening has currently no role in Mass-PvP anymore, so maybe adding a healing Aura to Infinite Fortitude that heals self/allies for 200 each tick (1800 HP total) may fix that- Make Perfect Blow and Thrashing Wolf linkable, self explainatory Fistfury got it but not Perfectblow
                            ,# 46,
                                Family Name: ArminRegion (NA/EU): NA & EU (NA Primarily)Class (Awakening/Succession):?? SuccessionSuggestion: State of overall classes that require nerfs, and suggestions for nerfing Succession Ninja, based off my experience in PvP inside and outside of Arena of Solare.Details:??Over the past several months PA has continued with the trend of buffing more rather then nerfing. A good example of this was the most recent changes to Warrior, while no other classes received any tuning down based off Arena of Solare's overall rankings.Currently after the recent buffs, alongside past strengths, there is 10 classes that are in need of nerfs. either minor or major (i'll be providing suggestions regarding these as well):- Awakening Musa- Succession Ninja- Succession Dark Knight- Awakening Sorceress- Succession Mystic- Awakening Striker- Succession Nova- Succession Hash- Succession Berserker- Awakening Valkyrie----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Awakening Musa:??Awakening Musa is currently the highest rated overall class in many regions due to one simple factor, its consistency. It's a class that has no real downfall outside of not having grab, due to having so much protection, movement, and damage. An easy solution to fixing this problem is not to remove its consistency, but reduce it so it's not as strong, keeping it consistent but not overly OP.- Change the Knockdown on Searing Slam (?????? ?????????) to a Bound.?? ?? ?? ??> This adjustment will help in reducing its consistency as a major part of musa playstyle is currently playing fully SA and playing off of landing Searing Slam into a guaranteed kill. A 6 second cooldown SA KD engage is overall too strong, especially when the only means of punishing it is by grabbing it, which is a coin flip scenario as in the scenario you mistime it, you are 100% dead.- Remove the slow from Searing Slam(?????? ?????????) ?? ?? ?? ?? > Searing Slam having access to a slow makes it even more incredibly toxic as Musa already has access to an extremely strong slow in his skill "One step back" (?????????), a 50% movement speed slow that is SA and is part of their normal movement and engage rotation. Having access to 1 slow is already a big strength, especially when that slow is a 50% movement speed slow. Having access to 2 slows is even more incredibly toxic, especially when one of them is your engage CC skill.- Change Flow: Dash Slash(?????? : ?????? ) to a float?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? > Similar to the logic behind Searing Slam, Awakening musa is currently one of the highest DPS classes in the game. His overall strength comes from his ability to confirm KD's, changing his KD skills to a float will overall reduce the damage it pumps out (which is ridiculous in many scenarios) and will still keep his strength in consistency as he still has access to a hard CC in most scenarios. While im not 100% sure about this change and am more confident about the previously 2 mentioned changes, I'd keep it in mind.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Succession Ninja:??Being my main class, I'm aware of what is the main issue with Succession Ninja, that being its E buff. Succession Ninja while having a strong kit overall, fortunately has the downside (that many other classes do not struggle with) being it has actual gaps and requires risk and reward in its kit. Unfortunately, this completely falls out the window once the ninja is E buffed. Succession Ninja's E buffs allows him to reduce his need of using unprotected damage skills, and simply focus on SA damage only, due to how much damage it provides. As a result:- Reduce the crit rate on Succession Ninja's E buff from 30% to 10%?? ?? ?? ?? > Succession Ninja has 0% Crit on many of its highest hitting abilities (Shadow stomp, Bladespin, etc). When combined with an E buff that gives crit after reboot, his damage levels rose too much during these skills to the point of nuking opponents.??- Reduce the bleed value applied during the E buff from 120 -> 90?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??> Like many classes that have unique aspects to their E buff (Striker/Mystic) that give them special traits, Succession Ninja's is his dot values that apply. The weirdly balanced issue is that the E buff value that provides dots to his kit, is more than the base value. While in a normal scenario I'd have to drop 3 skills uniquely to get all 3 dots onto an opponent, with a value of 90/90/110 respectively for each dot. The E buff makes all 3 of these dots hit instantly for 120/120/120 (totaling 360 HP per 3 sec), which is more than the base value of 90/90/110. Dropping the E buff dot value to this will feel his damage feel more normal during the E buff, but simply making it easier to apply, rather than making it much stronger for no apparent reason. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Succession Dark Knight:??After the most recent buffs Succession Dark Knight was frankly??Overtuned. I'm not sure what the reason was for giving it so many increases in kit, without realizing the impact it had on the rest of the kit. It has reached sorceress/kunoichi levels of i-frame and mobility, with access to KD's on top which Succession Kunoichi never had, and damage levels that Sorc has never had access to either.??Addressing some of the new toys it's received would be the easiest solution, as a class that once was difficult to play with a high skill ceiling, has turned into something anyone can play and get massive effectivesness with little to no thought going into their gameplay, as its's so difficult to punish.-??Remove the SA from Prime: Air Strike and instead remove it's ability to have collision?? ?? ?? ?? > Air strike since DK's birth has always been an unprotected engage that took finess to use, now it's the complete opposite, a skill with no thought put into it's use that can simply be tossed with no repercussions. It's bolstered her movements in mid fight, and has taken her from a in-fight specialist with good enough mobility to keep up and move around, to a demon that can continuously keep pressure on opponents with no real counterplay. The skill having collision was the MAIN issue previously, as in many scenario it wasn't able to be used as a risky, but potentially worthwhile disengage. Remove the SA, take away the collision, and it will have more options to be used as a risky disengage (that takes finess) while also letting it be a punishable gap for DK's that want to play aggressive with it.??- Remove the ability to instantly Kamasylvia Slash out of Twilight Dash?? ?? ?? ?? > Players complained about Tendon Cutter and it received a nerf, this ability is??LITERALLY??Tendon Cutter, except in Kunoichi's case where it was a Float, this one is a KD with massive burst damage attached, and absolutely 0 stamina cost. On top of that, the cooldown is funny enough the exact samge cooldown as Tendon Cutter as well. Here's a clip even showing the range on Twilight Dash -> Kama slash being absolutely ridiculous: https://clips.twitch.tv/PoliteSnappyDuckKappaWealth-FtBpcbi29TWmnoBc ??. Before the idea comes up that "oh you could already do this previously before the buffs". Yes, this was able to be used in combination before the buffs, but the difference was previously it actually used up one of your best I-frame cooldowns as a result. This chain now has no repercussions, little room to punish, and absolutely no thought required on it from the DK's side. Extremely toxic ability, that is all I really need to say.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- For many of the other classes listed they actually only need minor adjustments that I'll go into more detail on in a later post once I have the time to type it up. For ex, for succ zerk all it really requires is the removal of the +15 DP buff on it's Weakling hunt, as hes too tanky in the current state of AoS. Striker needs it's grabs adjusted from being a KD -> Bound, etc etc. Will try to get the follow up post regarding the rest of the class changes by tomorrow (_ _).Thanks!
                            ,# 47,
                                Family Name:??LooongerRegion:??NAClass:??Lahn (Succession)Suggestion:??Increase the maximum cast height of Prime: Sal'puri PurgeDetails:??Succession Lahn feels good in its current state. However, there has been one thing that has been a thorn in the side since reworks were released.

In reworks, it was made that you could cast this skill directly from Prime: Spring Breeze (when gliding), Nimbus Stride, or Flow Nimbus Stride. It was a great change. Prior to its release, the maximum height at which it could be cast was greatly reduced, as it should have been to avoid dive bombing from a mountain. However, I believe that it was reduced to the point that the the maximum height became too low, thus vastly limiting it's utility.

As such, a bug?? surfaced where if you tried to link it from Prime: Furious Chase or dash forward linking from Prime: Primrose Sprint on uneven terrain, she sometimes would cast the skill stationary instead of dashing forward.
Thus, I suggest that the maximum height of casting Prime: Salpuri Purge be increased slightly to prevent reouccurances of the bug and to increase its utility.
                            ,# 48,
                                Family Name:??CCaJJRegion (NA/EU): EUClass (Awakening/Succession): Awakening SageSuggestion: Stamina improvment for the SageDetails: Hello, stamina for sage currently holds back the whole kit, 250 + 1 Skill to get 1 extra dash is often can be very disappointing. Even if you do not make any mistakes and dodge any grab that enemy throws at you it literally doesnt make a lot of difference because sage under pressure?? loses all its stamina in about 10 seconds which that no one can do anything about it. That being said it needs be adressed. He needs to have power to fight and maintain stamina if its played right.??Changes:??99% of the SAGE community asks for Divine executioner to RECOVER??stamina and Reduce to cooldown to??15 seconds.THIS IS NOT NEGOTIABLE IT NEEDS TO BE HAPPEN.Reduced stamina consumption from off cooldown Bolt from 200 to 150. Removed off cooldown overcharged Bolt. Added iframe to off cooldown Bolt. Reduced stamina consumption for overcharged Bolt from 250 to 225. Changes to how Bolt works; whenever off cooldown bolt ready it will take priority from overcharged version of the Bolt.Okay what happened to this ability is literally reduced playing quality of the class and it NEEDS HAVE MUST be reverted... Revert everychanges that happened to Impaling flash.For the Rabam skills and Main hand spear throw abilities i have an idea..after spear throws abilities in main hand kit if sage holds F he will cast AFTERSHOCK from awakening kit.to componste the F Make ator's fist quick slot. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMn_bnWk-TQ imagination of the idea is in the video

Thank you.
                            ,# 49,
                                Family Name: DemataRegion (NA/EU): EUClass (Awakening/Succession): Tamer (both) mainly HeilangSuggestion: Fix? Tell us it was intended?? Confirm that you changed something with Heilang AI???Details: Since last big CLASS REBOOT our summon called Heilang got changed in how it scale with our gear (only AP and Accuracy was mentioned in Patch Notes) yea sure sounds great. What can be better than progressing your gear? Doing it with your fluffy friend(Heilang).?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??Okey we fun part done let's go to the main topic. Without any information in patch notes about Heilang behaviour since day 1 of CLASS REBOOT tests every <Heilang Effect>(Heilang's flow to our skills) changed without it being mentioned. Where is the problem? I personally didn't test a lot of stuff with it but person who played Tamer ~1 week before reboot and 1h after gonna notice that something changed.To be honest I lost my hope in Heilang fix but at least tell us if it's intended or you just don't have idea what you did and left it without saying anything.?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??o7
                            ,# 50,
                                Family Name: PiagRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Awakening Wizard Suggestion: Improvement to Mobility and Survivability Details: First of all, I would like to echo WhySoSeeryus' Sentiment, awakening wizard in its current kit is designed for a movement & protection meta that is since five years past. Class modifiers butcher any damage awakening wizard would like to deal, all the while making him take significantly more damage from others. The combination of Protected CC and Protected Damage on succession skills across the board (and even on certain awakenings; wizard included) do not allow for Wizard to do what he would LIKE to do with his kit; be a pseudo-melee close-medium ranged caster, applying large AOE damage and debuffs. There are alot of classes that can achieve this fantasy to a significantly better degree, and while they do not have the support skills that wizard does, I do not believe that those support skills mean that awakening wizard should suffer where succession ironically does not. My Suggestions would be as follows: Pre-Awakening / Staff Kit Changes: 

Across the board,  increase the damage of Absolute staff skills in awakening to be uniform with the Rank III Variants of the skills. If you look at certain skills (Fireball Explosion, Lightning Storm, Residual Lightning, Meteor,) These skills all have PVP Damage reduction on their Absolute variants, but do NOT have PVP Damage reduction on their Absolute variants. For Instance: 
Because of this, the Absolute versions actually end up dealing LESS damage in PVP than the non-absolute variants. This makes no sense. Why would I put skill points into these only for them to do less damage? The damage the non-absolutes are dealing is the damage the Absolutes SHOULD be dealing. 

Concentrated Magical Arrow: This skill needs a complete functional rework in its entirety. There is no reason to use this skill almost ever. There are more use cases for dagger stab than there are this. I suggest: -Remove the casting bar, it has no reason to be there. 
-Add a forward guard
-Add five more hits to the skill
-Remove the stiffness in PVP
-Increase cooldown to five seconds
With these changes, this would be significantly more useful of a skill; it would be a protected awakening > staff swap, would deal relevant damage in PVE, and would be significantly faster. People would stop permanently locking this skill and actually use it.
Fireball Explosion: Increase the PVE damage of this skill, and increase its casting speed motion after Sage's Rage. The Logical flow of Sage's Rage > Fireball Explosion is cool, but it feels a tad too slow, please make the animation speed 20% faster, as well as bumping the PVE damage by perhaps 200% damage per hit. (1192x5 > 1392x5) Lightning Chain: Increase the lightning storm sustaining buff duration to 15 seconds. Lightning Storm: Add a BRIEF forward guard to this skill, and allow it to be used from awakening stance while the Sustaining buff is active. 

Earthquake: Reduce the cooldown of this skill to 15 seconds.

Earth's Response: Add a super armor to this, with a very brief linger.

Magical Shield:
This is important; Increase Magical Shield's duration to be 50 seconds, with a 10 second down time
OR 
Reduce the cooldown to 40 seconds to allow for a similar 10 second down time.

And finally, the pipe dream: Give Awakening wizard split teleport. Seriously. This will likely never happen, because that's supposed to be succession wizard's strength, but awakening wizard has so little counterplay to someone just rushing you down and grabbing you that NOT having an alternative motion but Teleport or Elementalization (Similarly punishing cooldowns) leave Wizard with very little to no options. I do not believe succession should get anything in return for awakening also having this, as succession benefits from instant cast after teleport already; Awakening doesn't have any of that function. (Awakening witch should also get this but this isn't a post about witch)

Awakening Changes: 

Onto awakening. I only have a few changes I would like in this regard, but I feel they would be impactful. First of all, Summons need to do more. As Whyso pointed out, and as the more test-savvy people have found, Summon damage does not appear to be effected by special attack modifiers. This should be fixed immediately. In particular to awakening wizard summons, I suggest:While Arne is summoned: --Water Sphere
-Add two more hits to Water sphere's damage
-Grant water sphere 25% crit chance

While Marg is summoned: --Hellfire
-add two more hits to Hellfire's summon damage
-Add all ap +10 on hellfire cast while Marg is summoned

For Elementalizaiton, I suggest:
-Reduce the cooldown to 10 seconds
-Allow it to be used via its own input (S+Space) From staff
-Allow its quick cast to be used after Black Spirit Rage Hellfire, Cataclysm, and Water Sphere

About black spirit rage skills, there are a few bugs;
BSR Hellfire does not flow properly into magma bomb (W+F+RMB > RMB does not work; magma bomb is not cast.)
BSR Cataclysm's AOE increase doesn't seem to be working while Marg is summoned; Marg also decreases the AOE of cataclysm to begin with.

For Chilling Wave, I suggest: -Move the crit chance buff to Flame's Calling, and increase the buff effect to 20% crit chance, and increase the duration to 15 seconds.
-Increase forward guard strength

For Flame Knot: I suggestLiterally anything. This is probably the singular worst grab in the game, both for what kit it's in (incredibly low mobility) and the grab itself.
Awakening wizard doesn't have very many down smashes, it has exactly two; one of them isn't exactly ideal to use because it pushes the target away from us, and the other is an AOE bound which sometimes messes up CC counters, and is unprotected (not that down smashes should be protected; but that's the standard as of late it seems) Make the grab a knockdown, or give it some ignore grapple resist, SOMETHING, ANYTHING to make this grab actually useful aside from when I get an opportunity to use it once in a century. Please. Thank you for coming to my ted talk, I will continue to grief my teammates in AoS on awakening wizard until it gets buffed. Thanks.
                            ,# 51,
                                Family name:??Trayethell
Region:??EU
Class:??Awakening Lahn
Suggestion:??Improve pre awakening kits usability and utility, modernise the awakening kit
Details:
Currently Awakening Lahn has a niche spot in solely 1v1 (considered to be the queen of 1v1) which is mainly based on her grab and side ways iframe, the rest of her options are lackluster and her "asthma" (severe lack of stamina) prevents her from being a fun and viable option for PvP when taken to fights against competent enemy players. As seen with the AoS top 100 distribution and overall performance of Awakening Lahn she does not perform well at higher skill levels or outside of 1v1s (where she struggles against "meta" classes and is forced to play a passive role lacking true aggression)??
The underlying issues with the class are that:
A) She excels at fighting bad players
B) She is too easy to pick up (her skill floor is too low)??
C) Her "most effective" and easily executable offense against bad players is the notorious "dash dash ranged grab" which should not be her main fighting option and by no means her trademark or signature skills
Pre awakening:


                            ,# 52,
                                Family Name: Divine_SunderRegion (NA/EU): EUClass (Awakening/Succession): Hashashin AwakeningSuggestion: Passive changesDetails: Awakening hashashin struggles against evasion targets because he has no accuracy passive and no innate accuracy on skills.
I suggest giving hashashin a passive accuracy buff similar to what he has in succession, possibly combined with giving him back some of the evasion rate he used to have.
The lack of accuracy is not noticable in Arena of Solare, but in high end PvP like Conquest wars and high tier nodewars it's a big problem for this class.
                            ,# 53,
                                Family Name: EarthchannRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Awakening MaehwaSuggestion: give SA on Petal SwirlDetails: Maehwas struggle in long fights as they rely on frontal guards a lot. Adding super armor on petal swirl would help keep accuracy buff up in the middle of combat and not make us disengage in weird moments.
                            ,# 54,
                                Family Name:??LieferandoRegion (NA/EU): EUClass (Awakening/Succession): SuccessionSuggestion:??Buff PvEDetails:??Just Buff PvE... maybe give the signature Skill SoJ a stacking buff / debuff for PvE only (Shes fine in PvP). So the more often you hit a mob with SoJ the more damage it does.??
                            ,,,# 56,
                                Family Name:??House_CashRegion (NA/EU):??NAClass (Awakening/Succession):??Awakening KunoichiSuggestion:??Awakening Kunoichi PVE Buffs & General/PVP QoLDetails:??
1) Buff PVE damage on ALL awakening skills by 10%-20% PVE damage because it is much too low and has not been properly updated for PVE damage over many years.??
2) Switch FG mechanic on Lunatic Discus from FG before attack to FG during attack OR FULL FG because it already forces Awak Kunoichi to be immobile during the attack (if Danse Macabre is on cooldown).
3) Chain Crash needs to be reverted back to WP cost instead of Stamina cost because it is not a mobility skill. Danse Macabre was updated to use stamina (which is fair and is used to cancel out of Chain Crash), BUT Chain Crash was never adjusted for with the Stamina cost change to Danse. Chain Crash -> Danse Macabre takes too much stamina, remove the Stamina cost on Chain Crash and make it cost WP instead.
4) Flow:Wrath or Moonstorm should have a -9% eva debuff added onto the skill. The class is one of the few classes that has no -eva debuff option in her kit and many important skills in her kit operate on many hits per skill. She should have -eva debuffs in her kit as an option because she should have the tool to assassinate people (she is an assassin).
5) Allow T2 skill add ons to be put on the Halo skill (awakening, spacebar input)
                            ,# 57,
                                Family Name: Nerdelen
Region: EU
Class: Dark Knight (both specs)
Suggestion: Useless skills and self buffs

Currently, DK lacks self buffs, compared to other classes. We only get a minor attack speed buff from unveiled dagger, which lasts 5 seconds. At the same time, there are many useless skills in the dk kit that dont offer anything at all, namely: Vedir's Dogma, Imperious Command, and Spirit Satiation. My suggestions regarding these skills would be:

First of all, make Vedir's dogma and spirit satiation usable at both succession and awakening specs. This is totally possible since spirit satiation uses a unique key input (shift+space) and vedir's dogma is a quickslot skill.

Regarding Spirit Satiation:??This skill should be a meaningful healing skill. Instead of healing continuously but for a small amount, it should heal a decent amount of HP and MP instantly (maybe 1000/500 respectively), while having a 20 or 30 seconds cooldown. This would help particularly with mana management, which seems to be a big issue for dks who dont have the mp infinity pot, and even more so for awakening dk players.

Regarding Vedir's Dogma:??As mentioned, dk lacks self buffs. It could be reworked into a passive skill, with a meter similar to Nova's Engarde. The meter fills by using regular dk skills, and provides a buff (maybe +20AP and + 10% attack speed for a few seconds) when used by quickslot. The meter should fill by either succ or awak skills, so the new Vedir's dogma will be usable in both specs.??

                            ,# 58,
                                Family Name:??TrodzeyRegion:??NAClass:??ArcherSuggestion:??Archer PvE and PvP Improvement IdeasDetails:??
??-- Mainhand:??The kicks are completely useless. Even in PvP, no one uses them because we have better and less risky options to CC. The damage ranges from 700-860x3. You really can't do anything with that. I suggest they are removed and all of those flows are given to skills that are actually used because besides that, we do not have many flows. Not having flows means you have to press a lot of buttons in order to grind efficiently, which can be exhausting for some.?? For example I think Earth shatter (hold an input) > storm of light (no windup) > wrath of nature (no windup) would be a nice flow. The order could be different, but I think those 3 go well together in a flow. Storm of light could use some changes first though. You can't use it much right now because 2 enemies can block the entire group from taking damage. It should have a bigger radius like arrow explosion does. If the kicks are gone, that will free up the F key (PC) for a sunfall > arrow explosion flow. If the kicks are left in that would still be a nice flow.?? Lastly, it would be nice if Verdure clout had more range. The issue is, if you meteor dive over someone, then verdure clout to follow up CC, sometimes you are out of range (even though you are in melee range) due to high movement speed from the passive + glide.

--Awakening:??If we could (flow) full bloom > marked bloom or vice versa, that would be very nice. Spear of sylvia is a risky skill to use, even in PvE, because you stand still in melee range. It should do 1520 x 10 instead. Righteous smite has 8 skills that flow into it, but the cooldown is 20 seconds. I suggest the cooldown be 15 seconds or the skills flow into other skills. Righteous fire should apply all effects in PvP.?? Glissade should give 22 ap and the 10 ap buff should be removed from lights path/greatbow training. This way we can naturally pre buff with ensnare and glissade. Before reboot, the awakening Zephyr leap went the same distance as mainhand zephyr leap. Now awakening is shorter. I don't know if that was intended because it was never mentioned in the notes but hopefully that can be fixed. The elvia skill (resenting arrow) can sometimes just hit the floor again and again if your archer is too short. Righteous smite as well. I don't know if this ever effects other classes, but I would hope character customization doesn't effect combat.

--PvP:??I'm mainly speaking about AoS here because archer is in an okay spot in other pvp situations. I'm not really sure what should be done about this because it is the 'class fantasy', but archer is too squishy or too easy to kill in AoS.?? Any class can chase you and stop most of your damage if they want to, because archer is too squishy to trade with anyone. Some classes can kill you by themselves. Some classes can kill you without any E buff and without CCing you.?? We don't do more damage than other classes, and you can see the results of that in the AoS rankings. Archers are having a hard time even getting into top 100. It isn't that complicated but I am assuming that it won't change either. If we are going to continue to be so easy to kill, I suggest adding vortex to sunfall, or adding a new skill that will give us some relief while being chased. I don't think grab would solve this / I don't think it should either., but when a musa runs at us I don't want to continue the feeling of "there's nothing I can do".?? There has to be some counterplay for archers.??

For the record, I have tried building full evasion 210/210/360 + evasion + dp - accuracy addons. You don't live much longer unless only 1 person is after you, and you are missing out on ~60% of your damage. It would be hard to die on another class with the same build.??

--Elavation:??On reboot you guys gave almost everything I asked for except this. We still have the issue that half of our skills unable to attack someone above us or below us. That's all. Thank you for your time and for looking after the class.
                            ,,,,,# 61,
                                Family Name: PsylockeXRegion (NA/EU): EUClass (Awakening/Succession): Striker AwakeningSuggestion: General PvE improvementsDetails:??I can't find anything to suggest for this class. It's already at its peak performance and I'm grateful for that. However I think it would be nice if Endless Explosion damage was buffed for PvE. Remove the Stun in PvE on Echo Spirit as let's face it, who stuns mobs? Lastly, make the animation for Battle Cry have an actual cry? ;)
                            ,# 62,
                                Family Name: HasieRegion:??NAClass:??Ranger (Succession)Suggestion:??Feedback for recent changes to Succession RangerDetails: Recently there was a change to Prime: Ultimate: Blasting Gust, changed from Super Armor to Frontal Guard.??According to the devs, the change was made so the skill has better capability in high end PvE.??
However, changing it to Frontal Guard made the skill redundant, same function as Prime: Razor Wind, Prime: Extreme Charging Wind (shotgun). The developers noted a contradiction that Prime: Ultimate: Blasting Gust is Ranger's signature skill, but now there is nothing better or special about the skill as it is low dps, stationary Frontal Guard skill.

The change affects ranger PvP in terms of Arena of Solare, (not so much in open world). With many classes with 'go behind the enemy's back' skills (i.e Sorc Nightmare, DK's Nocturne, Ninja/Kuno Blockjump, Hash Arid Assault) that are popular in Arena of Solare, changing Prime: Ultimate: Blasting Gust to Frontal Guard is rather a significant nerf.??In fact, no one has asked for this change and only thing I've heard so far from both NA and KR players are negative about this change.??Please revert the Super Armor back to the skill.
And if you are going to say it's a class signature skill, please make it so it lives up to the name.??
                            ,# 63,
                                Family Name: EirRegion (NA/EU): EUClass (Awakening/Succession): Maewha Sucession??Suggestion: Needs an overall upgrade
Details:
I have commented on the subject before, but since a thread is opened to talk about ir, I expose my ideas and opinions as a Maewha otp ( ''One Tirck Pony'') player from many years.??
I would like to make several points about why the maewha urgently needs a big buff, not only because she is one of the worst characters for both pvp and pve, but because there are characters that are absurdly broken right now, such as berseker, striker, sorcerer...

- To begin with, we start from the basis that the character can hardly stand anything, he dies immediately like many others, but unlike the others, he does not have the resources to be able to defend himself or attack. He barely has supermor abilities, he only has 1 invincible which is temporary on the first dash or ''Chase'' every x time and getting into combat to deal damage is practically impossible, he only has some of his frontal guards attacks and most of his abilities to start combos or catch enemies have nothing and are not protected in any way.
Not even breaking through for a surprise attack usually works out, also one of the best options he had previously was his arrows. But they were nerfed for no logical reason. It's true that Awakening has received some significant improvements and is a bit better, but the Sucession at the moment is completely out of date and unplayable.

- Another important point is the issue of breath, the maewha spends 5 breath points for each dash and her attacks also spend breath. If you do the dash canceling the ability you spend 10 breath points and on top of that the game design sometimes pushes you back spending breath and energy anyway. You advance 80 meters on the map spending 100% of your breath.?? The maewha does not have energy problems, it recovers more than it spends but it does recover breath, and even having breath at level 35+ I stay at 0 in nothing when other characters like berseker as an example his breath does not drop below 80 never moving 10 times more that the maewha, jumping from one side to another, or for example the valkyrie that does exactly the same and doesn't waste breath either...

for example:
Dragon bite consumes 8 breath points.Carver consumes 6.Decapitation consumes 4 or 5, I don't understand why sometimes it consumes more or less, it is something that should appear in the skills section but only the energy it consumes appears but not the breath of any.Whirlwind cut consumes 11 breath points.

This is a character that focuses on combos, good attack with low defenses and good mobility, this is how he has always tried to sell himself but now he has no combo chances and mobility compared to many other characters.
I think it would be a good option to eliminate or significantly change the breath function since there are characters that do not spend or spend little and others who spend too much, it feels very heavy and frustrating even when grinding, one has to spend half an hour walking to recover the character's breath between pulls and pulls because he spends too much and right now the character doesn't even have his only tool which was mobility, he only has decent damage left that he can't take advantage of because he has no way to hit safely and no way to move anymore faster than other classes...
It is literally impossible to catch a berserker, a valkyrie, a nova... playing maewha. So the character has no mobility, hardly any protections, no grabs and average decent damage that many others far exceed, as well as having greater stamina, defenses and many other tools to be played better.

Possible solutions to improve it in both pvp and pve:
- Add a grab to the class









- Remove or modify breath from various Skills
- Substitute many or several frontal guard skills for supermor to be able to safely start the fights.
-??Put back Stub Arrow as it was before, now it's a useless tool
- Fix the designs that are caused in the game when using dash

I hope you take into account all this that I tell you as a veteran player of this class and help you to improve. All the best.
                            ,# 64,
                                Family Name:??JustA_GoatRegion (NA/EU): EUClass (Awakening/Succession):??Ranger (Succession)Suggestion: Ranger PvE Improvement ideaDetails:??Ranger has terible Skill addon options for PvE mainly caused by low tiers plus skills having Flows without skill addon posibility.
Suggestion: Fusing skills Descending Current+Ultimate: Descending Current and Blasting Gust+Ultimate: Blasting Gust into 1 skill, as it were done on some other skills before and giving both skills Tier 2 skill addons + also enabling addons for Ultimate/Extreme: Charging Wind and making it posible to use from Quick Slot.
Also Succession Ranger is ultimately lacking HP Regen on skills compared to most of other classes and Archer, so I would also like to suggest adding HP regen (from 10 to 30) per hit on Descending Current.
                            ,,,# 66,
                                Family Name: MatencerosRegion (NA/EU): EUClass (Awakening/Succession): Awakening CorsairSuggestion: Bug Fixes/Gaps/Stamina??Details:??Stamina: For a Class that has roughly 15 Skills that use stamina and about 10-12 that are regularly used shes just bound to run out of stamina fairly quick.??Id love to see a reduction of those numbers as there are quiet a few skills over 250 Stamina. While the rest sits at around 200.??But the better solution would be to simply add Stamina regen to skills like Sun Shielder (Shift Q) or Storm Surge (W+Rmb)There are enough skills that require her to use stamina (and all of them block the regen during it). No reason for non consuming skills to do so aswell. And to make the matter worse There are multiple bugs that Involve her terrible Stamina and ill come to that in a sec.So as for her Bugs and GapsShe has quiet a lot of bugs. Some are borderline breaking the class.??To name a Few easily recreatable ones:??- Using Jet Stream after any Stamina consuming skill. will completely block the regen of Stamina.??- Using Skedadle during the awakening version of Smooth Sailing. doubles the cost of the skill. so instead of 200 it will cost 400 to use it.??- Sea Stroll cannot be used in the air when using Wipe Out If you have used skills before it. If you use it without any skills it works perfectly fine. Spiral Soak works just fine if used either way.??- You cannot use Pirates Life for me (F) When at 0 Stamina. even tho the skill does not require any.??- It is possible to pocket the Anchor (again). Simply use Skedadle before the Anchor goes off. as long as you stay in pre awakening you can keep it indefinitely??By using Wave Breaker you can let go of it and technically shoot out a second Anchor right after.??There are plenty more and id gladly list em all up with how to recreate them.??To mention one more ''bug/gap'' that shouldnt exist:You can get cc'd out of every mermaid skill. it can be during almost every part of the skill. This happens the most during Spiral Soak. after the Iframe part. But its possible to get cc'd straight out of the 100% Sea stroll during the long SA part. so it cant even be desync after the iframe.??This especially affects Succession as they heavily rely on these skills. and die a lot of times just because of it.??I think one guy alone made enough proof that this is a serious issue. and has been reporting this issue ever since it became one.??
                            ,# 67,
                                Family Name: BallistophobiaaaRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Striker SuccessionSuggestion: Shard Regeneration, Fall Animation from Nimbus and please try again errorDetails: Make it so the?? shards regenerated from a skill are generated entirely on the first hit of a skill. Currently there is a very annoying delay on the shard regenerating from skills especially final blow and savage fang, please make it so the use of a third shard is applied before the skil animation so the regeneration of the shard used can be activated earlier.??Both awaken Striker and succession have the below issues:??Being put into a falling animation during the use of Nimbus Striker if we're hit by certan skills.??Please try again when dashing around with 3 shards and an e buff.??also please make the character hit box move into the air with the character during the animations of Twisted collision, Landslide, Nimbus Striker, Fatal smashand strikethrough, please remove cc from strikethrough in pvp
                            ,# 68,
                                Family Name: DreadsparkRegion: NAClass: Shai??Suggestion: Make Shai Succession and Awakening kitsDetails: The Shai Class Kit is too hard for design teams to balance and result in choices that sacrifice either PvE or PvP and force players to feel horrible about the class. Please change the Shai Kit to Succession (Florang PvP-AP/PvE) and Awakening (PvP-DP/Eva/Support). In this way, Shais will be easier for developers to balance and able to perform like normal classes for PvE or in dueling with their AP Succession Kit while still having Awakening support which will do very little PvP dmg but will be able to play a more tanky support-focused role. This brings harmony back to the Shai class and allows Developers at PA to design monster zones without fear of the Shai class being too hard to balance.??
                            ,# 69,
                                Family Name: GizmousRegion (NA/EU): EUClass (Awakening/Succession): Ranger Sucession??Suggestion: Needs an overall upgrade

Fix 'Please try again later', this happening very often in Tearing Arrow skill which is mostly used skill in succ ranger kit (not the "signature skill" which is useless). Give some better defense capability when "range is protection" is not valid anymore with dashing, or insta TP behind back classes and her being very squishy. She can't get that range and do some DMG because she needs to run for her life for SA trade without any DMG with classes which can get to her in seconds when doing DMG and killing her very fast.
                            ,# 70,
                                Family Name: DreadsparkRegion: NAClass: Shai??Suggestion: Return Dream Donkey to ShaiDetails: Dream Donkey was the best mount and it was a tragedy that PA ever removed it. Shai players view this removal as imprisonment of our friend and companion. Please release Dream Donkey from Mount Prison so we might soar again! The restored faith would be unimaginable for many if not all Shais.
                            ,# 71,
                                Family Name: TadRegion: NAClass: Drakania (Awakening)Suggestion: Class Identity ImprovementsDetails: The current playstyle of awakened drak feels like it is trying to be too many things. It feels like its trying to be a fast class with the dragonflight & Hexeblood skills, as well as a slower juggernaut style class with the slower and harder hitting moves from the dragonblood skills. It feels like in order to get the benefits of both of these styles, the class abandons almost all of its pre-awakening kit and skills by making them feel bad to use over the awakening skills. I believe there are a couple of routes you could go that would benefit the class:1. Improve the absolute versions of the pre-awakening skills while also adding more fluid transitions from awakening -> pre-awakening so that it is more appealing to the players to swap between the two kits.2. Go all in on abandoning the pre-awakening kit and make no changes to the absolute versions of the skills, while improving the awakening side. Suggestions for doing so would be:a. Giving the class an additional protected movement skill as you are unable to fully chain protected movements while fighting.b. Giving the Q-Block SA so that the class can have a protected way to get back stamina, and wait for cooldowns on some of the longer CD skills. Will give the class a style of fighting similar to the other SA block classes.c. Add Core-versions of the skills in Dragonblood so players can lean towards either hexeblood or dragonblood while fighting. 3. One of the biggest gripes I have with the class is the PvP implementation of Dragonblood Sundering Roar. Although they are different skills, Dragonblood Sundering Roar reminds me the most of Awakened Sorcs Cartians Nightmare. However similar they are, they are not similar in their usefulness in PvP. Dragonblood Sundering Roar does 53.71% less damage in PvP, it also does not have SA, but instead FG, and it cannot be moved after casting. Although the skill is very good in PvE, it is very lackluster in PvP for being "The" showcase skill of the class/kit. 4. There are some QoL things that would be nice to have:a. Not getting the falling animation when using Doombringer off of a building roof.b. Being able to use Dragonflight mid Doombringer cast (while in the air).
                            ,# 72,
                                Family Name:NotouriousRegion (NA/EU):NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Awakening HashashinSuggestion:Please add accuracy and increase evasion/drDetails: We are dying in sa before we can complete a skill in large scale. on top of it we have problems hitting higher geared players even when we are in the end game brackets. any assiastance here would be appreciated.
                            ,# 73,
                                Family Name:??TsukazakiRegion (NA/EU):??NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Sage (Awakening)Suggestion: Improved Stamina RecoveryDetails: Awakened Sage is in a good position in terms of pvp, however, stamina seems to be the biggest issue since sage has no good way to recover stamina during combat. S Blocking while waiting for stamina to recover is generally not a good idea for Sage as many classes can quickly and easily slip behind forward guards. While Sage can use??Lightning Prison and Rift Storm to gain a small amount of stamina while remaining protected, it just isn't worth doing since Sage cannot super armor trade well with most classes and will almost always be punished for remaining in stationary super armor for long periods of time. With the lack of opportunities to recover stamina due to the fast pace nature of BDO's combat, awakened sage is usually a sitting duck after all of his stamina has been burned through and there is no way to remain in the fight until his stamina recovers.

Bolt
-Remove the 250 stamina consumption penalty when Bolt is on cooldown so that every Bolt consumes the normal 200 stamina.

Divine Executioner
-Remove stamina lock and allow sage to regenerate stamina during the skill's animation.
                            ,# 74,
                                Family Name: DreadsparkRegion: NAClass: Shai??Suggestion: Remove Stamina Cost from Hop IIIDetails: Recently Shai was nerfed by a significant amount which mainly affected new shai players who already suffer from issues concerning mobility in most early game spots. The damage nerfs cannot be reverted, however, the mobility issues might be removed by making Hop III no longer consume stamina. This change will still keep Shai as one of the slowest classes in BDO but will help her to grind in places where her mobility is an issue such as Blood Wolves, Hystria (River rotation), Centaurs, Manshaums, Tshira, and many more. This change alone will remove all mobility issues in the class and assist all players when grinding low-end spots.
                            ,# 75,
                                Family Name: VethrilRegion (NA/EU):NAClass (Awakening/Succession):AwakeningSuggestion: gapsDetails: In the current stage of the game where a lot of classes have a variety of aoe cc, Ninja Awakening is having some issues that restrict a large portion of our kit but not all. our kit consists of not protected-protected in fast succession making us fairly open to being cc'd in group play even when playing perfectly.

~Bugs
?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??Awakening
-Sudden decap FG is removed upon activating 10% BSR version.
-Q block no longer lets u cancel it with an attack inputs (Since Rework)
-Q block used to push you out of vacuums pre rework but it no longer does i don't mind it not pushing us out but just saying.
-Silent charge gap upon activating is fairly large gap and needs an improvement for protection.
Mi bon Sa getting removed upon hitting a player with it instead of the sa persisting??

?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ??Pre awakening
-Bladespin gap on startup??
-Ninja step gap until 1/4 of the skill is finished

~Changes I'd like to see for the class in the current bdo timeline??

-Katana shower 50% BSR change allowing us to I frame cancel like the normal version.
-RMB Transition stance Either being a faster animation during First input, or the first input becoming Sa or Sa linger instead of fg to allow us to stay in close fights and protect the gap in silent charge.
-Sura Chaos Spree being cancellable sooner or having a cc attached with it to allow us more reason to use it in pvp scenarios. Since if you use it currently your basically forfeiting your life.
-Mach explosion staying behind where u casted it for it's full animation ( Kinda like Kuno's,?? Ninjutsu: Sinew Cut) But without the Invisibility??
-Ninja Evasion being capable of linking with Absolute: Ground thrust
-increased base accuracy??
                            ,# 76,
                                Family Name: SmooverRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Succession HashashinSuggestion: Liked the rework you did with Succession Hashashin but could use some fine-tuning. I know you wanted a viable follow up for Succession: Binding Spirals, but Purge is not the way for this. The range is too large for this skill -- especially with how short of a cooldown it has. Consider making binding spirals a stun instead and making the Purge cc range similar to Prime: Slanted Balance on Succession Dark Knight. This will make it so you aren't accidently ccing 5 people you aren't aiming at while forcing the hash to blow more important movement skills to follow up on a long ranged cc from Binding Spirals. Sure, you can't make a great combo off of it but if its on capped, you put a good amount of pressure on them. If it's uncapped, it doesn't matter ppl die from every other class in a single cc anyways.??Piercing Tornado: this skill is too good now. It isn't something a lot of people talk about but it is too much imo. Its essentially a protected multi-hit cc with movement and decent damage. At least make it hit only once (at the end). It doesn't need to be a multi-hit cc that ignores Frontal Guard skills. To compensate for this, allow stamina regen when using this skill or make the skill use MP instead of stamina.??Speaking of Frontal Guards, remove cc on Arid Assault and give it full Super Armor while you move/land when Succession: Hourglass of Defiance is not on cooldown (25s cd). Not really a fun skill for people who don't know how this class operates and its not really all that usable at the high end of pvp because it has major desync and you end up getting CCd the majority of the time from the place you used the ability, so you end up landing next to your target on the ground despite having Succession: Hourglass of Defiance Super Armor in effect.??

Every other class can move fine with their movement skills with a simple shift + a/d but in Hash's case, it has an awful windup to it and you aren't even protected. Just remove this - it is uneccessary.??
These changes will remove the toxicity from hash but make him even more fun to play.??Not neccessary: I would also like to change how Succession: Chosen Blade works. You have a clear risk-reward when channeling the whole skill for the Knockdown which is completely fine, however, some people just want the Tornado from it. Consider moving the tornado summon slightly before the Super Armor is lost instead of slightly before the Knockdown effect is applied. Overall very small gap in time difference but you get to keep a clear risk-reward for CC.Allow Tail Cutter to be used from the hotbar.
                            ,# 77,
                                Family Name: IzalithRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Succession CorsairSuggestion: Unintended gaps in Jet Stream and Spiral SoakDetails: During the use of Jet Stream and Spiral Soak, due to often changing protections from SA to iframe and back to SA, desync will often occur causing you to get CC'd in what are extremely slow casting, "fully protected", skills. that internal protections should probably linger into each other (SA lingers into iframe part, iframe lingers into SA part)
                            ,# 78,
                                Family Name: DreadsparkRegion: NAClass: Shai??Suggestion: SA for Level 3 Songs (Shout, Sun-Moon-Stars, Rise and Shine, Summer Rain)Details: The Shai Class has very few protections. Giving SA to Shais Level 3 (T3) song choice would give players a quick and effective way to apply buffs during a battle with relative safety. This would be balanced and fair because Shais would still be slow and easily caught unless they stopped playing music to run away.
                            ,# 79,
                                Family Name: IzalithRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Succession CorsairSuggestion: Jet Stream dive portion is extremely slotDetails: The SA dive portion of Jet Stream is extremely slow, to the point where a zerker 6 miles out can see you start the dive, run over and grab you?? before you enter iframe. The skill is completely immobile during this portion so should be faster, especially considering you need to use it in the enemies ball.
                            ,# 80,
                                Family Name: DaymoRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Awakened MysticSuggestion: Fix the Martial Spirit Shard and "Please try again in a moment" issues/bugsDetails: Since the class has existed it has been plagued bugs in relation to the Martial Spirit Shard class resource that Mystic has where your comboes are interrupted by the error "Please try again in a moment". It's been such a long lasting and consistent issue that it now just feels like playing around these bugs are just part of the class. But it is incredibly frustrating to deal with in PvE and even more so in PvP where it often leads to you getting ripped out of your skill and being frozen in dangerous situations. This bug occurs when your shard count changes either to or from 30 just before you initiate a skill that uses shards to change its effect. Although this occurs in many different situations depending on the conditions, the most common situations this happens with is when using crouching wolf after Spiral Torpedo or Gushing Waters, or using Wave Orb after Elbow Edge, Adamantine or Perfect Blow.This was a bug that affected Succession Mystic a lot in the past until it was eventually fixed, however with the Class Reboot, none of these issues were fixed for Awakening and there were also new issues (Specifically with Wave Orb) that were introduced but never addressed. It appears that some of these issues could be resolved by adjusting the timing of when the shard count is checked during the animation of the skill so theres more allowance for the delay in shard interaction. Alternatively, if that is not an option, at least adjust the logic of the skills to make it so they don't stun you for generating full shards as you're in the middle of the skill. Just let the skill activate as the non-sharded version. It's stupid that you get punished for trying to play the class as it was intended comboing shard generators into shard spenders.Also, there's another relatively minor bug that has been around forever but is still annoying when you do it out of habit. Using Tranquility during the spawn invulnerability window during Node/Conquest War doesn't generate and Martial Spirit Shards. Given the skill is a 40 second CD and you're often trying to give yourself full shards before you enter a fight, this can be very annoying to deal with and I'm sure many would be happy to see it finally fixed.Give Awakened Mystic the Reboot she deserves.
                            ,# 81,
                                Family Name: IzalithRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Succession CorsairSuggestion: Jet Stream Stamina bugDetails: Jet stream does not regen stamina if used after a skill that "doesn't regen stamina". technically this happens for any skill used directly after a non-stamina regening skill but this is the most important one.
                            ,# 82,
                                Family Name: DreadsparkRegion: NAClass: Shai??Suggestion: Evasion Passive for ShaiDetails: The Shai Class has very few protections. Giving the class an evasion passive would help those who are building DP to survive in the current Meta. Over the past two years, Shais have lost nearly all their damage protection because players have gotten far more gear and the reworks have added considerably more accuracy. Please give Shai a 20% evasion passive so that she may be more capable of surviving since she only has a single I-Frame and one escape ability with Yippee.??
                            ,# 83,
                                Family Name: IzalithRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Succession CorsairSuggestion: Jet Stream and Sea Stroll CD should be the same 15 sec as whale song and spiral soakDetails: the CD for Jet Stream and Sea stroll should be 15 seconds. Being that they are 20 seconds it effectively makes the cd on spiral soak and whale song 20 seconds as normal use they are used in conjuntion with jet stream and sea stroll. lowering to 15 seconds would improve the large times of down time for pvp and would increase its otherwise lackluster pve performance as well
                            ,# 84,
                                Family Name:??TravestyRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession):??Awakening Mystic??Suggestions: PvP Buffs (PvE is fine)
Details:??Since "Reworks" my motto is Awakening Mystic is dead. It is plagued by a plethora of bugs, gaps, and is fundamentally flawed. I will be focusing on skills instead of bugs since they have been mentioned earlier by Nezor (EU) & Daymo (NA).??

- Absolute Scissor Kick, SA at the end of skill was removed after "Rework" - please revert and return this to the kit.
- Seaburial, damage modifiers in PvP are too high and skill is bugged with Shards. In addition please allow some jump height so that we don't get falling animation off a 1-foot incline.??
- Spiral Torpedo, compared to our Striker counterpart, has large gap at the end of cast that can only be closed with Gushing Waters which also has a gap at the end. Additionally, the skill will bug out if trying to transition from a higher plane to lower plane. Please allow some jump height on skill so we can traverse terrain without falling animation or "Please Try Again bug" which is a self-inflicted CC.
- Crouching Wolf Flow, compared to our Striker counterpart, the attack speed effect is 10 seconds less. In addition, our cooldown does not align with crouching wolf itself which leads to unnecessary consumption of shards.
- Dragonize (Ebuff),?? compared to our Succ Mystic/Striker/Awa Striker counterparts, the Ebuff is lacking considerably. Change the AP buff to be +Melee AP so it stacks with our Spiral Torpedo +16 AP buff. Awakening Striker was given a 15% evasion buff on their Ebuff while Awakening Mystic was given 20 AP that does not stack with Spiral Torpedo, effectively only realizing 4 AP.?? Potentially change the AP buff from Dragonize to something more relevant like Critical Damage, Accuracy, Evasion, or Heal.
- Dragon's Rip (Vacuum), 30% slow was removed after "Rework", please revert this change. As it stands now, it is the weakest vacuum in the game and unlike Nova Vacuum you are animation locked and unable to move when casting. It was also the only protected slow Awakening Mystic had.
- Raging Wind (New Skill from "Rework"),this skill is never used in PvP. A good change to this skill would either be to make it protected and castable without flows or to add CC such as a stiff or stun. Otherwise, the long 13 second cooldown plus the requirement to use unprotected skills into an unprotected flow makes it not worth the risk as it adds nothing.??
- Earth Splitter (New Skill from "Rework"), this skill is unprotected but can be used in 1v1 combos to DS reset a person at the very end. Instead of having downsmash/bound, remove all CC on this skill and add SA. Additionally, reduce the high 68% PvP damage modifier.??
- Absolute Hidden Claw, Extend I-frame on backstep of skill to match Succession Mystic Prime: Hidden Claw.??
- Infinite Fortitude,??An outdated skill in a game with high levels of heals, damage, and slows. Instead of sitting there like an idiot for 5 seconds, why not add some utility to it such as heals (to you and whoever is near you). Additionally, upon original implementation idea, they stated that one could cancel skill and still have a lingering effect. Bring that back instead of its current form where you must be grabbed out of it in order to linger effect.
- Flash Step (New Skill from "Rework"), Technically not a new skill but a copy of succession mystics Flash Step ability, this skill forces you into an awakening stance after 2 consecutive dashes. In contrast to Succesion Mystics flash step, this skill does not allow you to backwards dash consecutively. Two fixes for this skill would be to keep whichever stance you initially dash in the same and to allow backwards movement to flow consecutively like succesion mystic.??

Overall, hope this feedback reaches anyone. I mean anyone.??

                            ,# 85,
                                Family Name:??DudeauxRegion (NA/EU):??NAClass (Awakening/Succession):??Awakening NinjaSuggestion:??Buff Flow: Mach Explosion, but actually this time.Details:Mach Explosion is a stiff that has high damage potential, but at its fastest still takes 3 seconds before that damage is applied. Completely unprotected, but we can cancel out of it and lose all of the damage.Last time, I suggested that we make the second half of the skill a lingering effect that detaches from the ninja and becomes its own entity.That's right, I want one of our worst skills to become an area-of-denial delayed effect.This way, Awakening Ninja can truly be the trickster that the developers pretend he is already.After the initial slashes of Flow: Mach Explosion, the entire awakening ninja community would like to see the second set of hits go into effect even if Flow: Mach Explosion is canceled.??I also believe that the hit confirmation lag should be removed from Flow: Mach Explosion, as that would be 11 hits, and it forces the ninja into a world of desynchronization. Just take that out, like it was done for Serpent Ascension.
                            ,# 86,
                                Family Name: DreadsparkRegion: NAClass: Shai??Suggestion: Let's Talk: Classes (Public Developer Discussions - Classes)Details: The PA team has done many, many late-night talk shows. Let's get together with a few players from each class, have them submit their questions ahead to help with translation, and have a short public stream over classes, what they are and what the PA development team envisions for each class in today's game. Since many classes are many years old now, it would help players to know how each class is viewed by the developer. Based on these discussions, consider releasing new class trailers embodying key points about each class. Focus on the Reworked classes or classes that have been dramatically changed.
                            ,# 87,
                                Family Name: ZethiannRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Sage Awakening and SuccessionSuggestion: Awakening??(Improve Stamina, Mainhand useability and damage tweaks) Succession??(Improve movement and cancels)Details: Awakened Sage Awakened Sage struggles in the stamina department. A significant portion of the awakened abilities either consume stamina and lock stamina recovery or just lock stamina recovery. Reducing the stamina cost on some of these abilities would help or allowing stamina recovery on divine executioner would go a long way as well. It's a 17 second cooldown and would give you a slight window to recover some stamina.Impaling Flash recently had been reworked and during the rework the range was reduced. This change made the return to location mechanic that was added to the ability seem redundant. You have to be so close to a target now to use it that returning to the starting position usually puts you in a vulnerable position.??Rift Storm's AOE size is rediculously small when compared to other classes with similar abilities occupying the Shift-LMB key press. This is one of our main abilities to trade damage and the size is so small that people can move out of it with 0 effort. This wouldn't as large of an issue if the damage across the ability was more evenly distributed but because the damage is back loaded nearly every class in the game can easily finish their ability and step out of it.Sage Arkanon's currently do minimal damage in PVP despite being attached to a large portion of out abilities. These abilities also state that they have 50% accuracy but it's been tested and shown that this 50% accuracy applies only to PVE. Other classes with similar 'PET' abilities also suffer from this. Either the (PVE) suffix needs to be added to the tooltip to make this clear that it's intended or the abilities need to be fixed to have the accuracy in PVP.Most awakened classes that I have played in Black Desert have a wide variety of tools available to them through their mainhand skill kit. Recently some changes were made that improved the usability of some of the mainhand but more work needs to be done. A significant amount of abilities in the mainhand are unprotected or partially protected. This makes sense when you consider succession sage because they have a 1 second super armor buff applied when using rift chain off cooldown. This allows these abilities to be occasionally used and partially protected. But awakened doesn't get that 1 second super armor when using rift chain. This makes a significant amount of the mainhand feel nearly unusable for awakening. I believe adding this 1 second super armor to absolute rift chain would allow the mainhand to feel significantly more useful for the awakened kit. Prime: Rift Chain would maintain it's uniqueness by still allowing the ability to be used off cooldown.??SuccessionSuccession change recently got a good amount of buffs that helped it a lot. A few more I'd love to see added to the list are:Currently succession sage has difficulty keeping up with long distance moving while out of combat. I propose prime rift chain giving the user a 10 second movement speed buff. The only ability in the succession sage kit that benefits from movement speed buffs is form shift which is not used for movement. Rift chain itself is not affected by movement speed buffs or slows so the movement of this ability would be unchanged. This buff would only allow the sage to do the normal walk faster to keep up with his team when crossing large distances out of combat.Illusion Compression is a fantastic way to try to catch a target but is extremely punishing to attempt because of the long two part animation. Being able to cancel out of the second part of the animation with rift chain would help succession sages 1v1 capabilities significantly (An area where it struggles the most)Succession sage can be quite telegraphed. A few of the core abilities are two part abilities. If you rift chain after charging the ability, you are forced to finish the cast immediately upon leaving rift chain. Being able to cancel the ability while in rift chain would improve the ability to be unpredictable. Rift chain also seems like an ability that's designed to make the class more unpredictable due to its near invisible nature. Once people you encounter learn that all they need to do is watch the minimap to see the general direction the sage is moving it becomes nearly impossible to be unpredictable. Removing sage from the minimap during rift chain would be a significant improvement.
                            ,# 88,
                                Family Name: NiceToesBroRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Succession DrakaniaSuggestion: Rework Drakania's Ion GenerationDetails:??Drakania's ion generation is slow and clunky and relies almost entirely on spamming Brimbolt Raze because Skewer and Abyssal Fang are slow unprotected garbage that will get you cc'd every time outside of PvE. That's 3 ions every 6 seconds- enough to instant cast a single skill. Great ions are supposed to be scarce so you actually need to charge skills and cant just dump infinite damage and healing. The issue is having a single barely protected skill to generate scant amounts of ions without being cc'd is just bad design and often leaves a drakania with no ions at all. It'd be smarter to distribute small amounts of ions across the less popular skills in addition to the Brimbolt Raze spam to encourage comboing with them. for example:
Markthanan's Dominion - 1 ion on??hit
Markthanan's Breath - 1 ion on??hit
Dragon's Maw - 2 ions on??activation
Soaring Assault - 1 ion on??hit
Embers - 1 ion on??activation
The numbers and skills could and should be changed around as needed to keep ions necessarily scarce but not totally unavailable to a Drakania who's smart with what skills she uses and where she uses them- this is just an example. To accomidate this the Ion meter would need a graphical update as well to show exactly how many ions you have ready to go instead of just a vague funny looking dragon bro.
                            ,# 89,
                                Family Name: FimeiraRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): GeneralSuggestion: No class should be a "one-person army"Details: I know the prompt asks for specifics; I don't have specifics.?? What I have is a philosophy: "assuming near equal skill and gear, no class should be able to win a 1vX fight consistently".

Each class should be balanced on average in 1v1, balanced on average in XvX, and be unfavored to win a 1vX.?? Winning a 1v2 or 1v3 should be a rare moment of skill or creativity, not a matter of course (again, assuming all else near equal).?? Winning anything more than that is absurd and should be near impossible.Warrior, Sorceress, Berzerker, Wizard/Witch (esp. if greedy with heals), Ninja/Kuno, and Dark Knight are some examples that, from my personal experience, appear overtuned in a 1vX scenario.?? To resolve, creative ways may be needed to give each class its own niche/power in 1v1 and XvX, without giving it a clear advantage in 1vX.Some random ideas that are intended more to show the creativity that may be needed, drawing from the class' own lore/style for inspiration, rather than real practical solutions:


Warrior: Determine Guard's AP/DP bonus based on the number of allies (party/guild + self) in a given radius on each cast, possibly giving minor buffs on a short duration to nearly allies if there are 3 or more.?? Rewards class for playing in a group and staying in the front line (XvX), while limiting them once they're the last player standing (1vX).
Sorceress: Tune down damage somewhat, maintain her iframes, then give a damage bonus against opponents as their % of health remaining approaches zero.?? In XvX, they would need allies to do the initial damage, playing the nuisance or distraction before swooping in from the shadows to finish a target off.?? In 1vX, they may be able to survive awhile or slip away, but they would have a hard time clearing a whole group on their own.
Berzerker: Tune down damage somewhat, then give the option for beast skills that currently heal to have an alternative version??(similar to succ Wiz/Witch) that gives a "glass cannon" buff of +AP (X seconds) and -DP (1.5X seconds).?? Do you spec to have long endurance in a fight, or do you lean more into the beast to go all-in for victory at the risk of your life (i.e. go berzerk), or do you try mixing the two for flexibility??? Gives Berzerker a grab/cc role or a nuke role in XvX, with neither being entirely ideal in 1vX.


Hopefully that gives some idea.?? I'll leave it to those more familar with these classes (if you're willing) or the devs??(if this is important to them) to find the real solutions.

Thanks,Fimeira(Edited for formatting.)
                            ,# 90,
                                Family Name: AranuirRegion: EUClass:??Ranger (Succession)Suggestion:  "Please try again in a moment" bug on all major Ranger (Succession) skills.
Details:
It's been a plague since succ release but made even worse with the reboot and the introduction of the Bypassing Wind flow. Depending on the whims of the server, every Tearing Arrow skill used after that flow has a chance to stop dead and freeze you on the spot for a little while. One of your main damage skills not working at all as you imagine can get annoying real fast. PvE becomes rough (bug occurs ~40% of the time), PvP can get tiresome, not being able to use your main skills.

This bug affects other skills like Prime: Ultimate: Blasting gust, Razor Wind, and Descending Current, basically all channelled skills and the core of the class. All of them can stop working for no reason, at any time, particularly during fps and lag spikes. Patience has its limits and we are way past the limit, it's been so long and nothing changes, patch after patch.

THIS HAS TO STOP NOW

Either change how the skills behave, without this horrible netcode, or re-design them as a one animation thing. Or any other solution, anything than what we currently have.

Examples.

https://streamable.com/nd01ie

https://streamable.com/9g3pht
                            ,# 91,
                                Family Name: Luna_ValentynRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Corsair SuccessionSuggestion: Fix Bugs and Revamp the ClassDetails: The bugs listed on previous pages are thorough and well documented so I feel no need to reiterate. Please fix the bugs with the class in both awakening and succession.??As for a revamp, this succession kit does not stand out as much as?? previous classes; It seems to lack a gimmick. My suggestion for this would be to allow Succession Corsair to enter mermaid form during sword skills for added effects(please note these are rough ideas to help solidify the concept, not specific requests to be added to the feature) such as movement speed and/or potentially iframes on dive animations for Jet Stream and Sea of Dreams which have very long predictable wind up animations. This would be implemented similarly to how Succession Berzerker can enter Beast Form. This would add a significant amount of flavor to the class and fill out the intitial pitch of being a mermaid much more thoroughly.??My following request for revamp ideas is to redo Prime: Hydropower. For any classes unfamiliar, that is Succession Corsair's "Steroid" buff or "E" buff. This skill does very little to interact with her kit at this point in time and is widely viewed as useless. Please let me explain why before jumping to conclusions. The +10 AP this skill provides is overridden by AP gained from other skills in her classic kit, Attack Speed does not effect mermaid skills, and Movement Speed also has no effect on mermaid skills. To top this off, the resistance buff does not add anything to mermaid skills because they are already Super Armor and the Grapple Resist is still negated by classes with increased grab strength because of the resistance cap. Mermaid Skills are one of if not the biggest asset to a succession corsair so for this buff skill to do nothing that benefits them in any way, it feels extremely detached and invalid. Sword skills do benefit from the speed boosts on this buff however they are just not use-able enough to merit the use of the skill. I would suggest the devs take a look into Prime: Hydropower and try to make it interact more with mermaid skills. This could be as simple as removing the bonus AP and resistences and adding extra hits to mermaid skills in my personal oppinion and/or reducing mermaid skill cool downs for the duration of the skill. It definately needs to interact with mermaid skills in some way though and the bonus AP is 100% useless. Please look into this.??
                            ,# 92,
                                Family Name: EasayfamRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): GENERAL CLASS BALANCESuggestion: DP, GRABS, RESISTS,CCs and PROTECTIONSDetails:?? PA a while back you made a statement saying how classes had to much protection well guess what we are back to that situation.....

PROBLEM 1. 

There are way to many super armors present now in the game and the result of this is grabs being extremely important to stop dps classes that can just sit in super armor all day.

Suggestion:?? ?? 

??limit protected movement go back to more frontal Guards as those can be broken.

Grabs need a complete rework in how they function with the rest of the combat.

PROBLEM 2.

RNG resistances simply feel bad in pvp but are fine in pve. 

Suggestion:??

??remove resistances from pvp??
This does make the ammount of total cc become a problem and ccs per class will need to be more limited

PROBLEM 3.

DP values at higher brackets from what I have seen do nothing against high AP

Suggestion:

 Buff DP!

                            ,# 93,
                                Family Name: AnchoRegion (NA/EU): EUClass (Awakening/Succession): Sorceress both Suggestion: Make Sorc Base AP 51apDetails:
Sorc is the only class in the game with only 41 base ap even Shai has higher base ap than sorc
its time to give sorc the average base ap of 51ap
                            ,# 94,
                                Family name : GreenShadowPTRegion : EUClass : ShaiSuggestion : Please fix our abysmal damage modifiersDetails : This is one of the many abysmal issues with the class, and a huge reason we can't even pvp properly, aside from lack of protections and many more things (And notice the abysmal ratio against Striker and Mystic) : 
                            ,# 95,
                                Family Name: DreadsparkRegion: NAClass: Shai??Suggestion: Increase Shai DMG vs Striker & MysticDetails: The Shai Class has many struggles, but when she is asked to duel for spot, she struggles most against Striker and Mystic not only because those classes are naturally defensive focused but also because Shai has really bad ratios against them in PvP. Only 29.22% of a Shais damage is applied to Striker & Mystic enemies in PvP. As a result, Shai almost always loses fights even when she is significantly more geared than the opponents. This should be adjusted to allow Strikers & Mystics to take 42% of Shais damage, allowing them to remain the toughest opponents in terms of durability but still ensuring skillful Shais might be able to fend off attacks through superior player performance.
                            ,# 96,
                                Family Name: KirisameRegion (NA/EU): EUClass (Awakening/Succession): Tamer SuccessionSuggestion: Succ tamer PvP improvementsDetails:

PVP

- Pros : Good / Decent damage , protected CCs but not re-ccs, fast grap- Cons : Bad mobility, no SA damage, bugged, no self buffs, passive & ebuff irrelevant in any content (PvP and PvE), no sustainSuccession Tamer suffer from a lot of downsides compared to Awakening Tamer, but also any other class in the game. The only thing that makes succession tamer playable in pvp at equal skill right now is the grap and or out gearing ur opponent by a huge gap.The cc's and skills are slows for the best ones for an assassin class, the movements are all easy to read, you can litteraly tell where a succession tamer is gonna be everytime she moves unlike almost all the assassin classes (Ninja, Kuno, DK, Sorc, Hash, Lahn)

The spec lacks mobility, our only options are Evasion, Moonlight strike, Legendary beast power & Tree climb.Issue is, Moonlight and Tree climb both are bugged (no it's not desyncs) where u can lose ur SA or iframe sometimes for w/e reasons.
Also, Evasion is a none reliable movement since half of it is unprotected which is easily punishable by many classes without even knowing the gap due to the multiple hit ccs.
Second issue being the protections in general, yes succession tamer has good dmg on Frontal guards, but it makes them unusable sometimes in group fight for exemple, due to having players all around you (and some are just gonna wait for you to attack) and our skills being slow, so our only reliable, options are SAs, but those ones does litteraly no damage which makes tamer succession dmg output in grp fight really risky for the small reward, most classes can do more dmg while being perma SA with faster skills.
Regarding the bugs, i already talked about the ones on Moonlight & Tree climb, but also Heilangs ccs are either bugged and or does not use the ignore resi of the player which makes it virutally useless, the game is already overloaded with SAs, making Heilang traps almost irrelevant, and the fact that those traps cannot punish players sometimes, makes you think about using them. ( I don't even play around any heilang traps anymore since reboot due to the issues with them).
E-buff & passive are a joke, PA did say that they would make for each character a unique passive, and we are still running around with the most useless passive u could come up with, same for our e-buffs giving only defensive stats on a tamer, we have 0 way of survive anything, even at 401 DP DR 7K HP, vs any 260 AP class, u'll still get one combo'd with no issues.Also i would like to point at the amount unusable skills in the Succession kit, Allround Spinner, Flurry of Kicks, Stretch Kick, Evasive attack, Whipslash needs either a rework or swap them out.
Suggestions for PvP :??

- Give Prime : Lightning of Earth a super armor, that would allow succession Tamer to have a protected re-cc (We don't have any).- Increase Resonance damage by 50%, and add critical rate 50% cause the skill is irrelevant right now, it's only purpose is to rotate SA.- Remove Prime : Allround Spinner, give succession Leaves dropping from awakening or another mobility option, this class is way too slowor rework the skill to something useful, like increase it's dmg but reduce the Frontal, or make it a possible cc (float or bound).
- Give tamer a real passive (Ignore grap res 30% or movement speed 20% or attack speed 10%) & e-buff (offensive stats like AP, Crit dmg, Atk speed, etc).- Make it so when we used Void lightning (Q) and Holding it, add a real 30% DR increase just like a self PA (the skill itself shows heilang protecting the tamer) which will allow us to at least stay in SA longer than 1 second.
- Allows Heilang size modification, its size is a bit too big on succession some ppl might like it but sometimes u can't even see if the person is gettin re-cc'd or not due to him standing on top .
- Fix the bugs, and make sure that heilang get our ignore resistance stats.
- Reduce the cooldown of the Abosrb : Heilang to 4 minutes, 5:30 minutes is way too long for 8 AP / 10 DP or just increase the AP / DP to 20 AP / 20 DP.
- Remove the Tree climb extra attack when holding F, cause u can get it if someone stands in front of u at the moment u press the skill.
- Improve the accuracy rate of some skills
- Maybe improve the Evasion skill if there is no new mobility options, the evasion is way too easy to punish overall especially with the amount of slows in the game
- Give Legendary Beast Power a movement speed self buff after using it (10 - 20%)
- Add S block to succ tamer so we have room to breath and not burn all our cooldowns / take useless risk with evasion

Below i will put a table of everyskills in the tamer kit and how they are in pvp :??

- Good table is for skills that in my opinion are good as it is and doesn't need any changes.- Improvements table is mostly for the ones that needs either dmg, protections, animations or CD changes (or the one listed aboves).- Rework / bad is for the skills that are never used in PvP or for only one purpose which is useless.




Skills that are good??
Skills are good but need improvements
Need a rework / skills are bad


  




 


































 





















If some skills aren't present in this table, it's me never using them or having no thoughts.

Probably my first & last feedback on Succession Tamer, due to PA mostly ignoring any feedbacks until now.
                            ,# 97,
                                Family Name: ItsAhzure
Region (NA/EU) NA
Class: Succession Musa
Suggestion: Add a Prime skill for Chase
Details:?? I've been playing succession musa since the release back in Dec of 2019 and I love the idea of how Succession Prime skills have a blue affect to them compared to the base red to differenciate the class from his awakening. Abilities like Prime: Rising Storm, Dragon bite, Blooming etc, all the skills go from a red affect to a blue and I belive that the ability "Dash" should include a prime skill that changes the dashing animation from red to blue. It's always thrown me off as to why his dashing animation is stil lred even though everything else turns to blue once leveled up to prime in his succession.??


                            ,# 98,
                                Family Name: DudeauxRegion (NA/EU):??NAClass (Awakening/Succession):??Ninja AwakeningSuggestion:??Adjust Flash BondageDetails: Flash Bondage is a largely unprotected grapple.There was a patch within the last year that was made to make all grapples protected on success, but somehow Flash Bondage didn't get this treatment.The skill has invincibility, but only starting 70% into the skill's animation.I would like to see the skill get super armor after successfully landing, and then turn into invincibility.I don't think that's too much, given that Flash Bondage's effective grapple comes out very slowly. Other classes have near-instant grapple skills, but this one is really very slow.So as it stands, it has one of the slowest activations, and then it isn't even protected until the animation is already finished.I'm not even asking for it to be made into a good grab like the rest of them: I'm just asking that it not be a bad grab.
                            ,# 99,
                                Family Name:??Blitz_BladeRegion (NA/EU):??NAClass (Awakening/Succession):??Succession StrikerSuggestion:??Add Prime: Rising Blast ComboDetails: Succession Striker is unprotected while casting summersault until using the flow, Rising Blast Combo. And while Rising Blast Combo provides super armor, it locks you into a very long and obvious animation that is easily punishable vs a protected burst or grab.??

Suggestion:??Add Prime: Rising Blast Combo which will function as an enhanced version of summersault, increasing summersault's damage and immediately providing it with super armor. Significantly increase cool down while making any further needed adjustments to compensate for its new functionality.
                            ,# 100,
                                Family Name: AnchoRegion (NA/EU): EUClass (Awakening/Succession): Awakening SorceressSuggestion: "long" range mobility options Details:
Sorceress struggles with movement outside of 5m?? nightcrow iframe rangeAoS shows that sorc cant follow a moving fight at all and its the same in nodewar/siege Currently the best movement option is to just put the weapons away and sprint after your raid, in fight you cant fight the enemy unless they decide to stay with you, when they run away you can only watch them goReboot gave Dark Backstep fg and a bit longer range but you are forced to use Darkness Released, which is unprotected, before you can use the skill to disengageThere are 2 ways to make this skill more accessable:1. let us use Dark Backstep from Hotbar without needing to use Darkness Released first
2. Give Darkness Released FG when you use it backwards when its not on cooldown and remove the knockback cc from itleave the forward Darkness Released as it is without fg with the kd cc??also for both Dark Backstep should be allowed to recover stamina like basicly all fg movement skill (eg Warrior or DK)
Shadow Leap:
Please consider to add a Flow to Shadow Leap
Flow: Shadow Leap:
After using Shadow Leap you have 2s time window to use the Flow: Shadow Leap.
Same distance as shadow leap either SA or unprotectedThis would allow at least a small chance to actually following a running enemy which is basicly impossible atm

                            ,# 101,
                                Family Name: VonOpsRegion: EUClass: GeneralSuggestion: Make the "analyzed data" available, as you promisedDetails:During class reboot, and while announcing the AoS, you assured the playerbase to monitor PvP trends, analyzing data and make that data available to Adventurers.
It's now 10 months later and we did not see anything there, still seemingly random patches with generic explanations, without any of that useful data that could provide a lot to any balancing discussions and/or suggestions.
Now it would be the perfect time!

Source (esp. last 2 paragraphs): https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/718398367767724043/916452517842419733/0cb7b55031320211203145615343.png


                            ,# 102,
                                Family Name:ScareRegion (NA/EU):??NaClass (Awakening/Succession): Succesion KunoichiSuggestion: GIVE US SOME STAMINA & ADD FRONTAL GUARD add rain ability from ninjaDetails:?? Recover stamina using flash slash and tendon cutter. Half the stamina tax on all of the abilities that consume stamina. Why are succession kunoichis taxed so hard on stamina when they are literally a FEMALE NINJA. Compared to many other classes kunoichi's stamina is the biggest joke in the game. Why is it that 3 abilities completely drain your stamina, and the only way you have to recover that stamina is by using an ability that slighty buffs movement speed and you have to run around and hope to not get cc'd. Or go into cloak and not move a muscle. Why does Q block drain your stamina for using when many other classes don't get their stamina drained from it, because s block automatically goes into q block. Add frontal guard to atleast moonlight or shackles.??
Succession kunoichis are out of the fight so early due to stamina issues and makes you a sitting duck 99% of the time.
Why is it that ninja has always been significantly better than kunoichi when they're each others counter part.
                            ,# 103,
                                Family Name: EasayfamRegion (NA/EU):NAClass (Awakening/Succession):??Awakening and Succession?? RangerSuggestion:??

Please try again in a moment when using the bow skills.??Details:

This is annoying and needs to get fixed!
                            ,# 104,
                                Family Name: SpiritOfSun
Region (NA/EU): NA
Class (Awakening/Succession): Awakening Sorceress
Suggestion: Sorc Buffs covering Moblity/PVE/Skill interactions, cancels
Details:This feedback will be separated into different sections: Mobility/PVE/Skill interactions and cancel combinations
MOBILITY:
Dark Backstep:- allow it to be usable from hotbar while in awakening. (turning it into a transition skill)
- allow stamina regenerationShadow Hellfire:- increase movement distance and movement speed, reduce cooldown from 16 seconds to 8 seconds
-Increase Shard Gain

Wings of the crow:
- Add Shard/Fragments of Darkness gain to the skill when used

Absolute Rushing Crow:
- remove bound
- add super armor
- allow stamina recovery
- increase shard gain

Engulfing Shadow:
- Increase Movement Distance
- Increase shard gain

Pre awakening side attack (a/d Lmb):
-remove stamina cost
Pre awakening Side attack (a/d rmb):[formerly known as sinister shadow before it was removed during rework]- 6 second cooldown (usable when off cooldown)
- increased movement distance while cooldown is available
- Super armor AT THE START?? of the skill unprotected at the end when cooldown is available
- Unprotected when cooldown is not available
- 75 stamina cost when cooldown is available- can cancel and be used after Absolute Darkness
- can C swap cancel at any time during the skill??
- can iframe cancel at any time during the skill PVE:

Sinister Omen:- make the skill function in a similar way to Witch skill?? Magic Lighthouse in PVE
-remove long cast animation??
COMBO/INTERACTIONS:

Absolute Bloody Calamity:
- Add Bloody calamity cancel after Turn back slash is used
- add c swap cancel after bloody calamity is used
- add bloody calamity cancel after shadow eruption is used

Flow:Vileplan- allow the skilled to be used from hotbar
- Remove stiffness from first hit. float remains on second hit??
- Add Frontal guard??
- increased ranged when shards are used
- allow RMB block to cancel at anytime during skill duration??

Wings of the crow:- Allow Cartians Protection i.e Block (rmb while in awakening) to cancel skill at any time during the duration of the skill. ALTERNATIVELY allow rmb block to activate faster at the end of the skill- change pre awakening key input to w+e to match the awakening input- Allow wings of the crow to be used during the charging animation of Grim Reapers Judgment

Swirling Darkness:
- Increase AOE of first hit
- Remove Super Armor, Add Frontal guard??

Cry Of Darkness:
- increase target range??
- increase projectile speed

Absolute: Beak Kick
- remove Air Smash

Shadow Ignition:
- Remove Air Smash

Absolute Signs of Agony:
-allow hotbar to be used while in awakening 
                            ,# 105,
                                Family Name: SpiritOfSun
Region (NA/EU): NA
Class (Awakening/Succession): Awakening Sorceress
Suggestion: fix Sorceress input conflicts and skill bugs
Details:

Flow Soul Reaper:
-when soul harvest is used and shift+lmb (midnight stinger) is attempted Flow:Soul reaper is prioritized instead https://streamable.com/qc3bjx
-when swirling darkness is used and shift+lmb (midnight stinger) is attempted Flow:Soul reaper is prioritized instead https://streamable.com/9lneys
-when shadow eruption is used and w+rmb (wings of the crow) is attempted Flow:Soul reaper is prioritized instead https://streamable.com/xaggtp
-when when shadow eruption is used and s+rmb (absolute darkess) is attempted Flow:Soul reaper is prioritized instead (this does blocks access to Black wave as a?? secondary follow up float ) https://streamable.com/6btm5c

Shadow Kick:
-when midnight stinger is used and?? s+f (darkness release) is attempted shadow kick is prioritized instead.( does not allow for leap stinger darkness release back step unless kick is locked)https://streamable.com/2iklyg
-when midnight stinger is used and shift+f (shadow eruption) is attempted?? shadow kick is [sometimes] prioritized instead, this cancel was added during class reworks and was not in he notes. if kick is locked, one can stinger into shadow eruption cancel with 100% consistency https://streamable.com/segwy6 [sorry for language i was malding to a friend at the time]

Darkness Released (s+f)

-when s+f (darkness released) is used after iframe it is not put on cooldown https://streamable.com/mdsejj

Shadow Leap:
-Remove collision check at the start of shadow leap. causes bad interactions with slows specifically with wizard chain lightning you get ripped out of the skill https://streamable.com/1jpiq9

Shadow Hellfire:
-Cannot c swap after the skill is used anymore. the june 15th 2022 patch changed hellfires animation but it also broke the c swap so now you can only slow swap. https://streamable.com/am2gt5
-when attempting to "Crow Food" iframe (which happens when you are under 250 stam while in pre awakening) out of Shadow:hellfire it simply does not work.

Cartians Protection 100% bsr:
-cartians protection does not work/activate when pre awakening damage is applied prior to the attempted cast. in the video it is demonstrated with shadow eruption as it was the most consistent to replicate for video purposes but it also applies to other pre awakening skills into the attempted cast of cartians protection?? 100% bsr https://streamable.com/m6rbyg

                            ,# 106,
                                Please do whatever you like with your game, but STOP LYING TO ME.
We CaRe fOr yOuR FeEdBaCk. Class balancing.

Stop doing it, stop working on class balance every 6 month, everytime it gets worse. and stop lying, just keep changing your fotms and stop lying to me.

Disgusting

Pity for all the people falling for this lie again.
                            ,# 107,
                                Family Name: Luna_ValentynRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): GeneralSuggestion: Remove slow down effects from iframesDetails: Recently the protection of iframes was changed in how it functions while under slowing effects. Currently this causes the protection to end before the animation which you are locked into. This feels like a bug and not a feature. A simple solution would be to make iframes immune to slowing effects.??

I understand this could allow overweight inventories to move faster on some classes but I feel this is the lesser evil vs missing protection and abused systems in combat.??
                            ,# 108,
                                Family Name: AnchoRegion (NA/EU):EUClass (Awakening/Succession):Awakening SorceressSuggestion: Nightmare BugsDetails:

1. The last 2s of Nightmare and its Flow: Requiem are unprotected:With Reboot the Nightmare time got 2s extra but those arent protected, you can take damage in them and get ccd while still in the skillhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XUr1D81sDykhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6lN4cZSovIhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1a9EaqJy_mg2. Nightmare attack doesnt work right when you use it against targets on a different elevation as yourself or when there a a rock close etcWhen you use the attack you either appear above the target or to the side of the target or even in front of the targethttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AsQbygHVv5Qhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2oI0RcaNWYhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8_bj3_NRtEhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCHDtiz44q4
                            ,# 109,
                                Family Name: EmilimiaRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Dark Knight (Succession)Suggestion: PvP balance and PvE survivebility Details: 
??- PVP
Firstly I would like to address the recent changes to Succession DK that seem to be a hot topic.

??- Prime: Air Strike Super Armor: This was an essential change due to the simple fact that the skill has collision on other abilities for example a wizards meteor/blizzard, ranger or archer arrows would take you out of airstrike and instantly CC you. This issue was mostly apparent in largescale which Succession DK struggled in apart from very few VERY EXPERIENCED players. Removing collision from the ability would not be the correct way to "fix" this problem as doing so would result in the experiecned/good DK players not be able to do the outplays and flashy catches that they did previously by turning airstrike midway WITHOUT the use of mouse-move exploit. I have to say succ DK in NA largescale basically does not exist apart from 2-3 players and the longest standing being myself.



- Twilight Dash -> Kamasylvia Slash combo: I would like to start with that previously this intraction was absolutly useless and never used. Now this intraction is useful and I firmly believe the complains are stemming from 1. Lack of expereicne agaisnt succession dark knight after these changes 2. playing the game witohut effects or sound which also applies to complaints agaisnt other classes such as Succession Hashashin which benfit from lack of player awareness of their position/skill being used. There are multiple classes that have protected cc's that go through frontal guard and cc'ing the opposing player and the said classes also have access to a grab which dark knight does not have access to. Additionally this helps alot in pve as previously you were required to full charge Kamasylvia Slash to get the damage and getting behind mobs was harder than the "good" pve classes with this change. This intraction is compared to kunoichis tendon cutter. however kunoischis tendon cutter is super armor which is not punishable without a grab and kunoichi has access to a grab. This Twilight Dash -> Kamasylvia Slash combo can be countered by doing a simple back dash -> cc or any iframe/SA will make the intraction ont work and the DK either gets caught or uses another major part of their mobility to get out.



The following are classes with protected cc's that go through/ignore fg protection from the front due to the ability being mobile and a cc and protected or cc'ing using summons with little to no counterplay:
Sueccession berserker: Weakling Hunt?? - Awakening Vakyrie: Wave of light - Awakening Lahn: Core: Deadly Dance
- Awakening Striker: Core: Spiral Cannon - Awakening Mystic: Core: Spiral Torpedo - Archer: Meteor Dive - Awakening Hashashin Core Sin splitter - Succession Nova - Succession Drakania: Prime: Markthanan's Flourish



Most of the classes mentioned above also have access to a grab which dark knight doesn't. Classes with no grab should have tools that deal with the abundancy of protection this game has at its current state. Other than succ mae (rework needed) and to a very little extent awaken mae (make sleet steps iframe) now every non grab class is in a good/decent state.



These two changes have made the matchups that dark knight previously struggled with way more managable unlike what a certain non-dk player has said in this thread. Experienced/Good DK players have an understanding of punishing frontal guards since we do not have access to the free win button of grab and these changes help immensly with that as the classes that succ DK did struggle agiasnt just sat in permenant protection while the dk had to take risk after risk to make a punish happen. While this has made matchups such as ninja a bit in favor of DK given equall skill/gear its nowhere near the struggle of DKs had agaisnt their hard counter matchups previously. I have to say its ok to not win every matchup in class select since many players seem to not understand that.



It is also disinginous to state that now with these changes everyone can pick up succ dk and succeed. There are still very few Succession DKs participating in end game pvp content such as node wars and siege with success and the dks finding success in the current season of arena of solare are veteran DK players with years of expereicne and not to brag but in pre season the only dk that found succcess that was even close to the level of experiecne/skill was me. How come no one called DK not strong enough back then? Are players of other classes were just "better" than other DK players back in preseason? 

The worst that sould happen to this combo is it being changed to not have a fg on kama when used with td, a straight up removal would hurt the class in other areas such as pvp



PvE:
This one is short and simple as successsion dk is currently in a good spot in PvE.

When using 100% BSR skills please add a few second of a big Monster Damage Reduction buff to all classes. classes such as succ dk that are sqishy and have rather long animations for their bsr suffer from getting heavily damaged while using their bsr. Adding a good amount of Monster Damage Reduction to bsr skills for a few seconds would mitigate this and would not affect PvP performance.
                            ,# 110,
                                Family Name: MikysakRegion (NA/EU): EUClass (Awakening/Succession): Archer (Awakening duh)Suggestion: Overall improvements to the class in generalDetails: Okey where to start...Well first something about myself i have "mainded" archer since its release at I believe 2018 and was here from his downs to his ups. I have participated in AoA Tournament where i ended up being 4th in EU. I am saying this only because it means that i should already know my class pretty much inside-out.I wanna just say that i love how you changed archer during the reboot aka rework. I really enjoy that we are finally able to deal dmg from afar and not only from the close range.Though for the last patch I gotta say that the new skill "Sunfall" is absolutely useless and there is nearly 0 reason to use it. I would suggest increasing the overall dmg of this skill by at least 20% in pve, decrease the dmg in pvp by 15% and add stiffen to it.Connectivity of the skills is pretty great nowadays, but i would suggest increasing the speed of connecting the marked bloom to other skills (ninja or hashbrown can literally use 5 skills before we can connect that skill to others, which really sucks considering we are locked in animation without any protection). Speaking about Marked bloom I would also like to say that this skill was a great addition to the archer skill raster, great for dmg from afar but mostly only if the target is already in kd.What i would really like to see though is increasing the surviveability of this class in pve. Leave pvp as is, archer is in an okey spot for pvp but we need to be able to survive more then two hits at spots like hexe or more then one hit at spots like oluns mainly considering that mobs at high end spots are non cceable and nearly all of our damaging skills are either unprotected (marked bloom, full bloom, grand bloom, uproot, arrow explosion, bolt of radience, earth shatter, covering fire, low sweep, ravenous talon) or sa (righteous smite, radiant explosion, spear of sylvia, piercing light, wrath of nature) thru which the dmg goes thru. I would suggest decreasing the dmg incomming from monsters by at least 10-15%. 

I would also suggest adding a flow with sa from one of the newer skills "Wind Razor" so the connection with Piercing Cry is more fluid or just leave Wind razor with iframe while moving and add sa whilst stuck in its end animation. Another option is to make the Wind razor skill animation cancelable by Piercing cry.

If storm of light should be useable I suggest shortenning its animation, nobody is gonna use a skill that has more then 4 seconds of an animation that you cant cancel from.

Now i would like to mention the utter uselessness of most of the archers "kick" skills and a possible way to improve them. 

Lets start from up to bottom.

Earth Kick - The animation time is okey but the skill deals next to no damage, is unprotected and only has bound as cc on itself. Increase its damage from 764% x 3 to 1000% x 5, remove the bound and add frontal guard to this skill.
Volant Kick - For this skill i would leave the protections be, I would remove the knockback and increased the dmg from 866% x 3 to 1250% x 3.

Purging shot - Probably the only kick skill in archers kit that i would leave to be as is. Considering that it scales up from Volant Kick it would get an indirect buff from volant kick dmg increasement.

Ascending Spirit - Animation time is okey but the dmg is certainly not. Increase the dmg from 924 x 2 to 1250% x 2. Also addition of super armor or frontal guard might be required.

Vine Cutter - Again animation time is okey but i would increase the dmg from 744% x 3 to 1150% x 3.?? Downsmash is perfectly fine on this skill.

The full combo of Gapping darkness -> Shadow Hack -> Vedure Clout needs a animation speed increase as well as damage increase both in pve and pvp in order to be useable. Vedure clout itself is usefull even without changes but only for the cc.

Further testing would be required to be able to determine the pvp decrease percentage required to balance the above mentioned skills as the goal of this commentary wasnt to increase archers damage output but to give archer more options of which skills to use during different situations. 

Thanks everyone that managed to read this essey to the end. I hope that at least some of the stuff i managed to pour out from my general knowledge of this class is at least semi-usefull to the potentional change of this class.

Postscript: Please do something about those poor shais they deserve so much more love from you guys then ever before. Revert the shai nerfs.
                            ,# 111,
                                Family Name: Viaadlucem

Region (NA/EU): NA

Class (Awakening/Succession): ALL

Suggestion: Survivability DP/DR Evasion

Details:
Survivability needs to be adressed there is entirely too much damage in game this is do to the overall advancment at a rapid pace of players gear. 
There are many solutions in the game but one of which is already available for you to impliment within the open world environment. RBF sliding scale DR the lower your HP the higher your DR or DR% gives you. this also needs to be coupled with a increase in DR % based on a higher scale instead of the current 401 DP it should be increased to 430-50 and 40-50% as well as adjusting the lower brackets this will also increase survivability in PVE.??
Doing this will also help evasion classes actually work, since Dr will increase it will allow some classes to take a hit. Sure it will make 1v1 a bit rough on lower gear but this will bring back the fun in siege and NW were your dying to splash damage before you even engage to players that are to be honest exploiting a loop hole you guys created.

                            ,# 112,
                                Family Name: SpiritOfSun
Region (NA/EU): NA
Class (Awakening/Succession): Awakening Sorceress
Suggestion: Swirling Darkness and soul reaper
Details:

remove downsmash on swirling darkness and soul reaper . having downsmash on every skill was only fun when blade of darkness was toxic pre rework. now its just obnoxious to have downsmash on both soulreaper and swirling darkness.
                            ,# 113,
                                Family Name:??HeimtimeRegion (NA/EU):??NAClass (Awakening/Succession):??Drakania SuccessionSuggestion: Delete themDetails:
Not fun to play, cant seem to balance it, everyone hates it (at the moment, even the people still playing drakania hate it after those balance passes).Before balance: Unstoppable gods that chose who lived and who diedAfter balance: All they do is exist. They have no purpose. Cant grind well, have no utility or role in largescale, cant generate ions to do damage consistently. Seems like an attempt to just get everyone to reroll off of it but at that point, just delete it.
                            ,# 114,
                                Family Name: AnchoRegion (NA/EU): EUClass (Awakening/Succession): Awakening SorceressSuggestion: Remove Swirling Darkness Downsmash
Sorceress has an abundant way to downsmash targets after she maxes out the cc countwith removing Downsmash from Swirling Darkness sorceress would lose a very save way ( SA on the skill) to extend the combos so making the sorc combo potential more fair overall
                            ,# 115,
                                Family Name:??Blitz_BladeRegion (NA/EU):??NAClass (Awakening/Succession):??Succession StrikerSuggestion: Succession striker lacks options to damage trade while protected.Details:????Unlike Awakening Striker who has a plethora of protected damage trading capability, succession striker has very few options dealing damage while being protected. Once you have an opponent CC'd, you are left with very few options to burst unless you are willing to use completely unprotected skills. I believe this is the reason why the class is near non-existent in AoS, and considered to be weak outside of 1v1. Please consider giving the class a bit more protection on some of its damage.


                            ,# 116,
                                Family Name: DudeauxRegion (NA/EU):??NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Ninja AwakeningSuggestion:??Fix our BSR skillsDetails:??Sudden Decapitation was made into a Forward Guard skill with reboot, but yet the 10% BSR Sudden Decapitation loses its Forward Guard.Initially, I thought it was because it was intended to be a utility trade for the skill, but then recently it was revealed that 10% Sudden Decap. was applying CC's as a bug. Now, I think it is safe to say that 10% Sudden Decap. not having Forward Guard is also a bug. Kinda weird that only the useful bug got fixed, but not the hindering bug.Suggestion:??Give it the Forward Guard that its base form already has.Serpent Ascension is a powerful skill, and it sounds really cool that it is also Ninja's 200% BSR.Except that it changes from a float to a stun, and even with the attack speed buff of using a 200% BSR, the skill is too slow to deal damage.Don't take my word for it, though, I implore you to try it yourself.Get an awakening ninja to use 200% Serpent Ascension on any class and you'll see that they'll get stunned, but they can act again before the damage comes out.Suggestion: Increase animation speed by 200%Drastic Measure 100% BSR is clearly only useful for PvE, as it deals less damage in PvP than the base form. It can't be canceled, it is very slow, and it is laughably weak. So weak that having 50% of that damage turned into the injury debuff is not only sub-optimal, but a blunder. Doing almost any other attack would be a better option in every PvP scenario. It's not even that reliable at dehorsing other players.??Suggestion: Give it a knock down, or increase its PvP damage.??I argue that BSR Katana Shower is a good PvP skill, and BSR Sura Chaospree is a good PvE skill and that neither of them need any significant changes.Blade Spin Blade 100% is still a joke, but that hasn't changed since the class released. Its damage is spread out and it's very slow. It's not protected in a meaningful capacity, so dying while you're doing it is not just likely but expected. It's too slow to be viable in PvE and PvP.If we're going to keep pretending like Ninja's gimmick is that he's fast, why is this the slowest 100% BSR in the game? Even when not landing hits, the skill has an animation slow-down(presumably for dramatic effect) that makes it almost too easy to kill a ninja while doing this BSR skill.Its flashy, over-the-top nature is a relic of this game's past, and I believe that the only reason this skill persists is because of a collective hopelessness in the community. We know that this skill won't get changed, no matter what, and we know that we'll never be told??why.Suggestion:??Increase the speed of the attack animations, do not change the concealed animation speed.
                            ,# 117,
                                Family Name: FjerntRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Shai (N/A)Suggestion: Class reworkDetails: I have played the Shai for a very long time there have been some nimprovements as of late, but as it stands in the current game Shai is a still a Half class left out of a large part of the game intentionally. It would be understandable if the support that the Shai provided made up for the lack of protection and lack of damage in the pvp that the class has. I general its missing the pasives that classes have the protections on movements the caphras on the awakening weapon, the ability to sell/ buy the awakening weapon. The passive Lifeskill bonuses do little to nothing to improve the quality of life for the character as most of these are overcome in hours in the current game also the lack of movement on the character and sizable AoE makes it a subpar Lifeskill gatherer the only real advantage is the carry weight.

As far as pvp give her more defense/protections and passsives to match a support roles need to survive.?? She is very small give her an evasion % passive, and Super Armor on her movement so just moving around isnt a death sentence. Her heals are pathetic for a support character at least one of them should be?? percentage based and most of them should have there cooldowns lowered and healing increase substanualy. If she is suppose to be support make it so people have to target her first cause the support is that good. Currently killing the shai is and after thought she is more of a pest then a problem that is supporting her team.
You should not be punish for having a Shai and wanting to tag another character the fact that her ""Talent"" isnt considered and awakening weapon is silly. the caphras levels could just as easily add more % to the buffs / debuffs every few levels along with damage. all 3 buff should also be able to be had its silly to have to chose one it serves no real purpose all shai pretty much either go with Sun, Moon, Stars or Shout to the Sky.
The Rabam orb is also useless It dies in one hit in the current game again with the current damage in the game 350 health ever 7 second is a joke I die through front guard to a drak in 4 seconds.
So that being said for a rework drop the lifeskill part or lean more into it but pick a path on it. 
P.S. sorry if this is a little scattered writing this on a quick break
                            ,# 118,
                                Family Name: KunochanRegion (NA):Class (Succession Kunoichi):Suggestion: Stamina ImprovementDetails: Succession Kunoichi has difficulty managing stamina in pvp and pve. While the stamina nerfs were warranted to limit her mobility in PVP her stamina at end game grind spots like Calpheon Elvia Hexe Sanctuary also suffered from the nerf. I think the easiest way to buff succ kunoichi without making her unbalanced in pvp is to eliminate the stamina cost from s-blocking. Currently when kunoichi S-blocks (blocking by walking backwards) in game it puts her into the Q-block (Kunai Block) animation when hit (in pvp or pve) and drains stamina. If you eliminate the stamina cost from being hit in S-block it gives succession kunoichi the ability to survive and regenerate some stamina to move again around hexe sanctuary mobs.
                            ,# 119,
                                Family Name: GoldsteinburgRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): WarriorSuggestion: Stop wasting time on Class Balance in a broken game
It hurts to main a game like BDO when trying to recruit players to the game is impossible due to gameplay issues. New/Returning players aren't turning from BDO because "DK IS OVERPOWERED!!!"... it is because they open a stream and see a huge list of gamechanging bugs/desync issues happening way too often. As someone who mains a class that just got nerfed to shit, I would be fine keeping the current class balance as long as needed if it meant BDO focused on the more important issues such as??

-Randomly putting weapons away - mostly occurs when recovering from a CC/exiting V
-V not working when not in a V blocking cc
-V not getting you out of a zerkers arms when grabbed by one.
-Desync issues getting worse in regards to cc's on moving targets resulting in the target teleporting around while cc'd, or flat out vanishing. (This issue was temporarily fixed when PA took servers from Kakao but it seems to have returned around the time Lost Ark released coincidentally...)
-Characters appearing in the wrong place on others game due to mouse moving skills creating major desync.
Little things like this make the game look unfinished and not worth investing time/money into.

The only actual "Class Balance" changes should be focused on Universal changes that actually "Balance" the gameplay overall, such as equalling the resistances of all classes (or removing them, smile) . The game will always feel unbalanced when there are too many elements to balance out in pvp. Reduce that by evening out certain factors like resistances/debuffs so it is easier to focus on main points like damage/survivability.??
                            ,# 120,
                                Family Name:??VnbzRegion: SAClass:??Mystic (Succession)Suggestion:??Succession Mystic balance ideasDetails: Succession Mystic current state is actually overtuned for where the kit shines - small scale, and it requires some adjustments.?? As a day 1 Succ Mystic main i watched the class continuously getting buffed in the wrong way (adding more dmg) when in reality that was the wrong approach into her kit, making it too simple to the point its easy to learn and abuse but hard to master. The issue lies on the fact that the basics is already strong enough. Also we could have more depht if half of our kit wasnt actually locked and the other half wasnt 50% situational leaving us with a Thunderpound / Soulbasher spam for core gameplay. Here are my suggestions:

 Grab - Currently our grab have a 15s CD which is fine, given that the reboot gave us more mobility and more stamina management options but introduced a huge gap because our most common engage revolves around Flash Step into Grab, so Flash Step ending is unprotected and Grab start is also unprotected, making the skill more risky than it should (can check the gap here: https://streamable.com/uvf5vr)??

Fix: Change the grab CC type from Knockdown to Bound but fix the gap ON SUCESSFULL GRABS ONLY - old state was slightly fast SA on every attempt, which is not our current pattern for grabs balancing, but we shouldnt be punished by being able to play well and land the grab just because the game wants to. We need this addressed as it greatly impacts our Mass PvP / turning fights potential given that gauntlets overall eat too much dmg anyway.??



 Prime:??Sea Burial - Remove Seal Burial Shard spender capabilities. 
Reason: This skill damage is bad with or without shards, and is mostly used as movement and stamina management. Most of the time you will end up wasting your 3 Shards with it in situations where you dont want to. PLEASE DONT GIVE US THE DAMAGE BUFF TREATMENT!!!
Fix Sea Burial interaction with falling animation, giving it more head room. We cant even use Twisted Collision > Sea Burial in any slightly irregular terrain because it will just get you killed. (Example: https://www.twitch.tv/vnbz_/clip/OutstandingPlumpMouseShazBotstix-ZQdRLVoZ4nNY3CXU?filter=clips&range=30d&sort=time)
Reason: Pretty please???


Staggering - I dont know if theres much you can do about the Staggering effect that happens when you are getting hit by multiple skills and that accelerates the skills animations / protections as it seems to be a engine problem, but given that Mystic is a short ranged class, most of the time we are on those situations, making our protections end too soon or giving weird interactions. Most notably skills that suffers from that are Sea Burial, Rage Hammer and Flash Step.??



Stamina Cost on dmg skills - I think Mystic is one of the few classes that have stamina costs as requirement for dmg skills, so remove stamina cost for  Somersault,?? Adamantine and  Triple Flying Kick



Remove / Add skill interactions:

Remove:
  Prime: Tornado Kick into Prime: Hidden Claw prioritizes Hidden Claw connection into last hits KD. Please remove that interaction as we dont wanna use Hidden Claw as dmg outside of 1v1 combos and we definitely dont wanna use that sequence either for our 1v1 combos because we got better options.

Add:
  Prime: Flash Step into Prime: Rage Hammer gapless. Succ mystic is a connection spec, which means we must connect one skill into another to cancel the previous skill gap or flow the animation better. On the case of rage hammer, we are forced into weird interactions like Flash Step > Sea Burial > Rage Hammer or Flash Step > Mass Destruction 1 hit > Rage Hammer. By giving us the ability to cancel Flash Step Gap with Rage Hammer we would be able to have more skilled options and plays given that we are constantly cancelling Flash Step gap somehow.

 Absolute: Rib Crusher into  Prime: Tornado Kick. This is more of an attempt based on suggestion i gave up further in this post. By adding said linkage we would be able to do sequences like   on a Knocked down target for a safe protected damage filler without applying CCs unintendly (considering all changes i suggested to our kit) 




 Thrashing Wolf - Reduce the cooldown from 15s to 12s. Allow us to cancel the animation lock portion with Silent Step, Mass Destruction, Crouching Wolf, Flash Step (those four are already our current cancels) before the last hit portion.
Reason: Gives us more room for gameplay.
 Raging Wolf - Reduce the cooldown from 25s to 15s. Pretty weak rabam overall, Awakening can maintain 3 shards uptime most of the time, Succession can gen said shards easily too. Atleast reducing the cooldown this rabam might be used for 1v1s where you cant stack shards that easily? i dont know, feels lackluster overall, could be something else instead.

 Mass Destruction - Change all hits CC to first hit only. Change Stun to Stiffness on hit.
Reason: Balancing issues. We currently have way too much protected CCs

 Prime: Soulbasher - Current state is a noob trap. 3s Cooldown perma lingering SA? wow thats too good to be true, right? except the skill does 0 dmg, makes you stationary and is too slow/clunky to be used in any serious PvP. Also it takes away some of class learning curve because if you dont know what to do you just press F for a safeguard, which is a bad design overall.
Fix: Raise the cooldown to 6~8s but make the skill actually do something by improving the cast speed to simillar levels of thrashing wolf 3rd rabam, so it can be used as filler dmg which we lack. Also, if going that route, remove the Downsmash proc and maybe give 25% PvP crit.



Prime: Thunderpound - Obnoxiously OP skill when our kit is mastered but also a noob trap. 3s Cooldown Frontal Guard with Downsmash proc, decent filler dmg, decent range, Stiffness into Knockdown and cancelling seamlessly into most of our kit? I would dare to say its our core and most important skill on the kit, and new players will spam it alot and get punished, which is ok, but current state is too much packed.
Fix: You can either raise the CD to 5s or change the Knockdown effect to Bound. This skill is kinda tricky to change because its also one of the window people have to punish Succ Mystic and basically her identity move, so proceed carefully on that one if you are not making real changes to the rest of the kit.



Combo: Hurricane - Not a well known Prime skill because its hidden, but it has actually some good damage, but overall locked because input conflicts with Tornado Kick flowing from Thunderpound.
Fix: Change the input from F after Thunderpound??to RMB after Thunderpound so we can actually unlock this skill and have some niche uses.



 Prime: Somersault - Add Super Armor to the skill. If we are following the changes into giving us an actual kit where we rotate more than 7 skills, then we need some actually usable fillers. Remove stamina cost as suggested before.



Prime: Scissor Kick - Enable Tier 2 Addon choices for it, given that we are lacking on the useable addons department.



 Prime: Fist Fury - Make Frontal Guard backstep protection linger throught entirety of First Hit, similar to how Prime: Hidden Claw works.?? Current this skill has close to no use, its unprotected, slow, it might be used as shard gen mid combo or backup float but honestly? its redundant, we have better options, simillar on how Hidden Claw is mostly used as iframe instead of combo piece, having another movement tool would be great.



 Flow: Sky Rammer - Remove Bound CC. Lower CD to 10s. Increase AoE radius by 50%. Currently we have no ways to cancel Landslide huge gap other than Sky Rammer. Also its our main climbing ability, and its already way worse than Strikers option, so having better up time would help a bit. As for the AoE radius, its focused on making Twisted Collision addons more appealing, like it is for striker.????



 Flow: Strikethrough - Remove Bound CC. Make this skill Invencible when vanishes into Superarmor with a gap that can be canceled through other skills like Crouching Wolf. Raise the CD to 10s. Currently this skill is useless because using it means getting CCed.



 Absolute: Rib Crusher - Swap Knockdown with Frontal Guard. This follow up is already fast enough if target is caught by Elbow Edge, but current Elbow usage is more like a disengage tool. By swapping CC to Frontal Guard, we would be able to use Disengaging Elbow into Rib Crusher from distance for a fast stamina recovering Frontal Guard. Also it would enable more combo variety, which we currently lack.??



 Prime: Roaring Tiger and  Prime: Wave Orb - We have two approaches for those skills; Wave Orb is too much packed, altho its also our main dmg skill, meaning that we have to actually chose wether to use it as a Slow or Damage. Usually you wanna run it for slows, then we have a 10s 37% slow (with addons) in a huge area, which is protected, hits for a decent amount even without shards, and lingers Super Armor. Reminds you of Guts, the guy you just guted right? (pun intended). Roaring is by far our least used spender because unprotected and too much CC so heres my suggestions to fix both skills:


First Scenario - Thunderpound getting Knockdown swapped by Bound Route:
Prime: Roaring Tiger - Add Super Armor effect and 25% crit rate. Raise the CD to 6s
Prime: Wave Orb - Remove Super Armor effect
Reason:?? Following my previous suggestions, with Thunderpound getting Knockdown removed and Grab becoming gapless but bound, we would be left with only Sweeping Kick as a Knockdown option for group PvP, so making Roaring Tiger our signature spender instead would fit the theme kinda well. Wave Orb damage being untouched and unprotected would be left as a risky AoE slow and a Huge Dmg combo piece, giving room to actual skill instead of im perma slowing you approach.


Second Scenario - Increasing Thunderpound cooldown route:
Prime: Roaring Tiger - Add Frontal Guard or Super Armor. Remove Knockdown and Downsmash. Raise the CD to 6s
Prime: Wave Orb - Damage without shards reduced by 5%. Damage with shards reduced by 15%. Slows reduced from 30% to 20%. Cooldown increased to 14s.
Reason: This would be a more conservative change and would make Wave Orb less oppressive while still making it usefull. In this route, Roaring Tiger becomes the go to filler damage spender, which we lack.

Both changes suggested aims on making Roaring Tiger more appealing and Wave Orb less of a win button.



 Prime: Rage Hammer - Add 25% Crit for PvP. Change unsharded multiplier from 10% to 20%. Currently the unsharded damage is too high but its also incosistent. With those changes the idea is giving more consistent damage to this skill, altho numbers might need future adjustments if still too strong.



Unadressed flows (Hidden Claw Tree, Thunderpound Tree, Adamantine Tree) - Honestly those are all dated skills and would require a complete rework as they offer no connections, most of them are unprotected while having no damage whatsoever and too much CC.



TL;DR - Those suggestion changes are aimed into making Succession Mystic being able to rotate more skills instead of the forced spam that we get on current state. I addressed things like skill ceilling, making the class a bit harder to pilot but having actual options for damage and filler damage. The current gameplay is really fluid and fun but basically revolves around getting shards via Thunderpound and using a big damage spender like Rage Hammer or Wave Orb, giving us not alot of options other than stalling for those big impact skills. Please, keep in mind that if you just apply a nerf to this spec instead of a balance adjustment, she might fall too short like current Succession Kunoichi is and people will just migrate to her op brother, so yes. Feel free to dm me on discord at Vnbz#4352, i will be happy to discuss changes to the spec if needed.??

If it serves any purpose, i played the class for a long time for good results in group PvP, so most of my suggestions are aimed at making the class have more depht.
I would also like to see the carpeting thing addressed, like making both gauntlets actually killable on the floor but slightly more tankier when rotating protections correctly through some sort of sustain mechanic, but that would actually require a 2.0 rework at this point. Still, thats something you guys will have to address at some point. The class must be tanky for group content because you eat alot of damage, but that also breaks 1v1 / small scale experience for other players.



                            ,# 121,
                                Family Name: DawnearringRegion (NA/EU):??NAClass (Awakening/Succession):??Awk wizSuggestion:
Please remove summons. Stop playing with the damage of summons.
                            ,# 122,
                                Family Name: KunochanRegion (NA):Class (Awakening Kunoichi):Suggestion: Bug FixesDetails: Currently when you are in the half-moon slash animation moving left and press c to swap to preawakening you end up getting animation locked. When you do the same skill but moving right and press c to swap to preawakening it works as intended without resulting in the kunoichi being animation locked. Although there are many other ways to avoid being animation locked by this simple bug it would be a great improvement to see it fixed.Another bugged animation occurs when you swap from preawakening to Awakening using c. If you use smokescreen from hotbar you end up being briefly animation locked before swapping to preawakening smokescreen. Although this bug can also be easily avoided it would be great to see it fixed as well.
                            ,# 123,
                                Family Name: ArtlockRegion: EUClass: Valkyrie (Awakening)Suggestion: Vakyrie Awakening Overall Improvement SuggestionsDetails: Awakening Valkyrie is in a good state in terms of both PvE and PvP but still suffers from quite a bit of clunkiness issues that have plagued the class since its release. Below are a few points that could be improved in that regard.

Valkyries do not currently have a reliable iframe. It would be interesting for the 0.1s iframe on Side+LMB Lancia Training to be extended to 1s instead, with the addition of a short cooldown, say 5 seconds. This is currently an iframe provided by an auto attack skill but I don't see a reason why auto attacks couldn't keep their full effect during the cooldown time, with the exception of the improved iframe effect.
Sanctitas de Enslar's landing cannot be cancelled out of for a duration. This makes it hard to use that skill offensively against grab classes, since it is very easy to grab an immobile Valkyrie during that animation. Allowing to escape the animation faster would make using the skill aggressively as more of an option.
Sanctitas de Enslar's 100% black spirit rage also forgets to apply the +20 melee AP that the base skill normally gives.
Divina Impulsa is very slow and cannot be cancelled out of. It even forces all three attacks to come out before giving back control. Being able to cancel the animation during or in between the hits would improve its usability in fast paced PvP scenarios in which the skill currently feels useless.
Purificatone's area of effect and visuals could be improved. It is difficult right now to tell the distance and angle at which the skill connects. It also feels like it often misses mobs on the sides or on the pack of packs in PvE, which is important for a DP debuff.
Wave of Light provides block during the charging animation but there is a delay between casting the skill and the start of charging. Due to this the forward guard effect starts late which creates a protection gap during the initial windup. Because of this it is rarely worth trying to get a full cast out. Removing that gap would give an incentive to use the full version of the skill while still leaving a gap in protection in the form of back attacks.Vindicta is a nice slow but is incredibly hard to use for multiple reasons. It is currently a melee range skill with no aoe size and a clunky activation condition. I would like for it to have a small cone aoe, for example half of the current aoe size of Purificatone, which would make it easier to apply the debuff on classes that do not require being directly up in your face. I would also like to be able to activate it by pressing LMB right after pressing Q (Guard), which is not currently possible as this set of inputs currently leads to auto attacking as the Guard up animation is not over, which is very unpractical.Shining Judgement of Light (Rabam) and Absolute: Shining Dash have long wind up times that make them hard to use. Considering the slow movement and low range of these dashes by today's standards, I think these windups should be greatly sped up or completely removed. This would make PvP movement on Valkyrie less of a hastle and reduce its clunkiness overall.
If you made it here, thank you for taking the time to read through, I know this wasn't a short post!

Addendum about Succession
Succession is a whole other matter and I wouldn't dare open it considering I have never touched it. My only experience there is playing pre-awakening before the release of Succession and Awakening. I do know though that the performance of Succession in both PvE and PvP leaves a lot to be desired, at the very least in terms of damage output. I would be interested in trying it but in its current state it is simply not worth the effort. Give it some love too!
                            ,# 124,
                                Family Name:?? HuunurasRegion (NA/EU):?? NAClass (Awakening/Succession):?? Guardian (Succession)Suggestion:?? Bug fixes/gaps in protection/areas of improvementDetails:?? 
*Chokeslam, Guardian's pre-awakening grab, breaks when receiving hits during the "lunge" portion of the animation.?? For example here is a correctly-functioning grab: https://streamable.com/ff9bbj 
Now here is the same grab but while receiving hits during the animation: https://streamable.com/nx5ih0
This is replicable receiving hits from any abilities in the game.?? You can see how frustrating this is.?? Classes know they can get away with casting otherwise animation-locked abilities with high hits counting on the grab failing in this way.

*Black Blood Descent (key input W+Q) has gaps at the beginning and end of the animation.?? Please look at this.?? The only way to cover the gap at the end is by using the flow or using Infernal Nemesis which are both uncommon to want to use in this way.

*Juggernaut in pre-awakening has a 12-second cooldown and the Awakening version has a 7-second cooldown.?? Why the difference?

*Since November/December of last year, there's been an interaction with slows and iframes which results in your iframe dropping iframe status mid-animation.?? This affects ALL classes, and is partially the reason for certain classes being underrepresented (Awakening Guardian and Succession Corsair come to mind).?? Here's an example: https://streamable.com/qqatqr. You'll see I have a slow on me at the start of the animation, but it falls off and get stunned out of the iframe animation regardless.

*Prime Beast Demolisher, Torso Ripper, Rockslide and Strike Down: totally useless skills every player locks and never ever uses.?? I don't have any ideas for these but it'd be great if something was done to them to make them interesting ability choices.

*Full frontal guard on Prime Mutilation would be helpful in all areas of PVP.?? I can't see why this skill has the big gap in frontal coverage, especially in large-scale.?? You're a bit screwed if you don't have your e-buff ready with the super armor buff to cover the gap.??

*Our performance in PVE is extremely average :(
                            ,# 125,
                                Family Name: AnchoRegion (NA/EU): EUClass (Awakening/Succession): Awakening SorceressSuggestion: Rework of Bloody Contract

This skill is outdated since 2018 and Sorc has besides potions no healing skills that dont require to the hit the enemy in melee rangeThis would be an unprotected out of combat heal which should get buffed to be useful again I propose to change the values to more reasonal numbers.Rework idea:since MP didnt really change for all this time but HP increased alot MP drain should not change aloton the other hand HP went from 2k to 6k-8k when fully buffed so it would be only reasonable to increase the heal by at least a factor of 3-5ish 50 * 2x level MP 150 * 1x level HP The skill should stay an unprotected channel skill to heal over time but the skill shouldnt be able fail how it is now and the revovery MP buff should increase to +20 for 60s on skill use

                            ,# 126,
                                Family Name: Jormngandr
Region (NA/EU): NA
Class (Awakening/Succession): Succession Guardian
Suggestion: General Improvment
Details: Succession (and Awakening) Guardian suffer greatly from being both extremely easy to read, and by that design, easy to counter.?? She has an identity as a tanky, slow moving, hard hitting brawler type, meanwhile having no defensive elements and can not 1 combo end game pvp.?? Shes the only shield class without a DP buff on block.?? She has a grab that more often than not goes straight through the target without connecting, if it does connect, no improved grip so likely to fail, and if it doesnt fail, it is so slow that if used anywhere other than 1v1, you're just as likely to be killed as the person you grabbed.????Her iframes are completely unreliable, especially if slowed, and gaps in both awakening and succession just make her unable to trade reliably.?? If some gaps could be closed, that would greatly improve the feel, especially in the current state of the game.?? There is nothing guardian does that sets her apart, her slow passive only make other classes 20% faster than her, rather than 50% faster, and still able to run circle around her.

End game pve is lacking in terms of clear speed, however if she was better in at least 1 area listed, that loss of pve clear speed is excusable since she at least has a clear purpose.????
                            ,# 127,
                                Family Name: Parvat
Region (NA/EU): NA
Class (Awakening/Succession): Succession Guardian
Suggestion: Hit Staggers in PvP

In addition to the already provided guardian feedback above, I have another point to add. This affects all classes but is pretty noticeable for guardians.??
Please fix hit staggers unnecessarily lengthening animation the player does not want.??
For Example, when using Black blood circle, if hit staggers happen, I am locked in Shift+Q animation and cannot get out of it immediately.????
                            ,# 128,
                                Family Name: JenisizRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Succession Sage
Suggestion: SA Massive Riftchain Bug prevents PVE in End Game spots still unresolved(See below) Startup should always be iframe. Whenever Sage is entering the Riftchain, the special effect animation created is a massive hitbox. Travel should remain Super Armor when used on CD once moving, but a duration of ??~.5 seconds iframe needs to be added in the beginning of the skill to ensure you???re not punished for doing what most players can do naturally, evade damage/grabs. Increase Riftchain speed 10%. Allow to flow in to Formshift/Recall and Spearbolt smoothly regardless if Riftchain is on cooldown or not.
Details: Sages are severely limited due to very slow cast speeds compared to the amount of outgoing damage especially in endgame pve outside of ebuff. This time is increased when needing to reposition to avoid damage. The longer you???re in Riftchain trying to avoid Mobs or Players is considerably less time you have to apply damage or pressure back all while burning copious amounts of your own stamina. And due to issues like Super Armor Riftchain creating an artificial hit box over 4x the size of Sage AND being a live hit box even after Sage begins to move away, means you have to play more cautiously then any other class with a fast dash because if that hit box is within a Red Mob???s AOE or players grab field, despite Sage being out of range, the damage will transfer. This has been tested and confirmed by several Sages in the Succession Sage discord, in game and several players are aware of this bug as well, some of which admit to even exploiting it. It is a serious exploit that causes issues hurting Sage's ability to grind in spots other classes can easily, even when in SA because their hitboxes don't stretch to almost ~6x their normal size. This also HEAVILY effects PVP and is clearly evidenced by Sage's AOS rankings and all too common complaints that entering SA Riftchain is a death trap. SA Riftchain kills most Sages due to the amount of damage we take in it. If more evidence is required, please let me know. 
Massive SA Riftchain Bugs - https://youtu.be/EtD4Uq8Vzls 
Even when players aren???t facing the Sage himself but one of the special effects, it???s still pulled back in. You???d think this distance ( https://imgur.com/a/iKArqOz ??) would be safe from a Kuno???s melee based grab, especially when she???s facing the opposite direction, but the SA Riftchain Bug above comes in to effect - https://youtu.be/Xiym5-DPYAI This bug is the result of over 80% of my deaths when Grinding and a significant amount in PVP as well. The Trail AND the starting location are susceptible to any and all attacks.
                            ,# 129,
                                Family Name: JenisizRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Succession Sage Suggestion - ADD Spatial Blast: Fast chain/cancel new spacebar skill utilizing Spatial Fissure???s first hit animation (Arms extended in melee range 360 blast) but increase animation and hitbox size 25%. Modifiers should remain the same 1460%x5 but add 50% PVE Crit and 25% PVP Crit. 40% PVP Reduction. 5 Second Cooldown Tier 2 addon that ALSO provides a 10% Casting Speed buff for 10 seconds. Useable on cool down with reduced damage and no critical chance or buff. Allow skill to also speed up following skills -> Ator's Fist, Ator's Energy, Ator's Mark(Same current speed when used after skill) Illusion Expansion.Details - Succession Sage has no chaining skills in his kit nor has he received any new skills during or post rework like most of the classes to help in areas they struggle. Sage is in dire need of a means to increase melee DPS in endgame PVE that doesn't leave him rooted in place taking so much damage and can be chained.?? Where most classes can quickly cancel or chain skills together to increase their DPS, Succession Sage lacks any cancels and cannot actually cancel any skills at all. Succession Sage doesn???t need more large aoe attack range or buffs to these abusable skills, he needs more burst damage in melee for both PVE and defense.
                            ,# 130,
                                Family Name: JenisizRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Succession Sage Suggesstion - Spearbolt: Reduce Spearbolt cooldown from 15 to 10 seconds. Allow for smooth transitioning from/into Riftchain. Increase animation after hit as Sage freezes for a second and is unable to move. Make use Mana instead of Stamina. Fix bug where several skills like Ator???s Mark and Illusion Compression fire in an incorrect direction not with camera. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuqFo8MxGsA

Details - Succession Sage stamina modifiers were heavily nerfed after launch and often runs out of stamina even grinding in some zones. He needs an alternative tool for movement that doesn???t consume stamina at such a high rate like Riftchain does, especially when he's already limited on quick evasive movement.
                            ,# 131,
                                Family Name: JenisizRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Succession Sage Suggestion - Reset: Please remove this skill and replace with a similar version to mobile???s reset. Passive that allows Sage to re-use 1 of the following skills again on cooldown once every 20 seconds ??? Ator???s Mark, Ator???s Fist, Prime: Riftchain. Puts Passive on CD automatically and simulates reversing time giving 500 HP to self and 250 HP to surrounding allies.

Details: The original design of this class was to use Reset in Conjunction with Ebuff, neither of which function the same. Reset is consuming casting speed times which Sage cannot afford and the Rabams still reset the Ebuff cooldown randomly after Reset is used(Bug?). Please replace this skill entirely with one that???s a passive as the 10 minute cd skill is too much and solely used for Ebuff abuse...which I'm sure, the majority of the playerbase would be fine dealing without. Plus, he really needs some form of utility to help the group. A mininscule heal isn't much, but at least it's something to pay back the players forced to peel for him in AOS.
                            ,# 132,
                                Family Name: Dehydrated_WaterRegion (NA/EU):NAClass (Awakening/Succession):ShaiSuggestion: Increase Get Well efficiency??Details:??With more and more people getting higher in gear, Character HP also increases making our "Get Well" skill extremely ineffective past tuvala levels as it only heals ~20-30% of higher geared player's HP. DPS classes have better self AND ally heals than Shai, a support class. I suggest a 150-200% increase in?? HP healed per tick, or a 80% of total hp heal. Also, the fact that it isn't super armor is none sense, Get Well MUST be super armor for mid battle heals, we are a sitting duck most of the time on the battlefield waiting to get CC'd.
                            ,# 133,
                                Family Name:??Dehydrated_WaterRegion (NA/EU):??NAClass (Awakening/Succession):??ShaiSuggestion:??Yippee! protectionDetails:??Yippee! (Shaiboard) was a great thing when it was announced on GLabs, but we were very disappointed to see it reach live servers completely unprotected, making it utterly useless in combat when it has an amazing disengage potencial. Add an iframe at the beginning motion of Yippee!, and F boost must be super armor. Both iframe and super armor motions must be linked and gapless, that would make the skill from unused in pvp (as any slight touch of a ranged skill will knock us off) into an amazing disengage skill that could save a Shai's life. This would also mean F boost must be able to be used sooner than it is now, unless the iframe lingers until we are able to F boost, but i think F boost should be useable as soon as the beginninbg motion is over.
                            ,# 134,
                                Family Name :TitanOfWar
Region:NA
Class: Kunoichi (Awaken)
Suggestion: Remove stamina usage from Chain Crash.
Detail:
A while ago when you nerfed succession Kuno you also nerfed absolute tendon. This was a regen we used to make up for chain crash using stamina an other skills. PA said all movement skills should use stamina. Chain Crash has no movement so why does it use stamina , sure it can be used on CD but so do other class skills dk has shift +lmb using mana and is spamable in awakening. I think removing stamina from chain crash could help awaken kuno in PvE lowering the APM making newer players more interested in her aince right now she has one of the higher APM + a high amount of skills on CD at one time. If tendon doesnt get reverted to using WP again.??
Please dont hate Awaken Kuno??
---------------------------
Also?? figure out away to make desync less of a issue. Right now desync causes most of the issues with nearly all classes. People with over 100ms?? notice things like protections not working properly or ccs causing the other player to float an rubberband to another spot. Which gives the impression the other person is exploting when its just the way the game handles values(evasion Dr and so-on) of fights.


A way you could mitigate this issue for NA at least is let OCE have their own server this could also in turn increase the player base.
                            ,# 135,
                                Family Name:Dehydrated_WaterRegion (NA/EU):NAClass (Awakening/Succession):ShaiSuggestion: Damage reduction/Grapple resist passive skillsDetails:??Currently,?? Shai does not have any passive skills.. Due to her height, logic wise it should be harder to grab a shai, as most of the time a sitting duck in the battlefield we are the first targets to get grabbed or focused. So with that said it would only be fair to give us sitting ducks a grapple resistance passive. Also, I believe a damage reduction passive should be fair for Shai in reason that every single other class has a defensive passive, why not Shai? Especially as most of the time we are the opponent's first target because they know Shai is vulnerable in that way. Shai should be the tank that some DPS classes are.
                            ,# 136,
                                Family Name:??Dehydrated_WaterRegion (NA/EU):??NAClass (Awakening/Succession): ShaiSuggestion:??Fix Enhanced skill: Sharing is caringDetails:??Currently, Sharing is caring orb follows any player it encounters, wether it be enemy, ally, or any other player. Please fix the skill so that the orb ONLY follows it's caster or allies, as I always lose my healing bubble to enemies when i get close and just denies any healing potencial from it.??
                            ,# 137,
                                Family Name: NemorosumRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Wizard (Both)Suggestion: Buff Succ PvE / Buff Awakening PvPDetails: 

Succession PvE: Buff Succession PvE Damage. A 10 - 15% damage increase to all of the major AoEs would be a good start. Compared to Awakening Wizard, Succession severely lacks the damage output. Mana Regeneration is rough, constantly having to pop your mana ball, a reduction in Mana Consumption per skill would be good. (This goes for PvP too)

Awakening PvP: Currently Awakening Wizard PvP is lacking. We have decent damage but cast speed is severely lacking. If you gave a 5 to 10% attack speed increase, that would make PvPing better on awakening.

I may come back and edit this later on, I'm braindead from work.
                            ,# 138,
                                Family Name: DaGavialRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): ArcherSuggestion: Moves and Survivability improvementsDetails:?? Several moves are unreliable. Righeous smite (for me) on fair occasion blows up on me coming out of the bow. Full bloom pointless with any form of elevation. Many moves have little to no range on hills (play blue team in RBF Valencia).
Moves dont do damage after you die (for example) if I got righeous smite off and a split second later died, I get to watch that projectile hit its target and do absolutely no damage.

We need a boost to defence/survivability: (i kind of got stuck on how to word this so might seem kind of like a rant) Im not saying I dont know how to kite but a lot of classes now can fly across the map and be on you before you even get a move off now -?? Im 360 DP, I think thats fair amount but im farly commonly one shot threw my forward guard. Like anyone you ask youself how you could of done better, if I used a superarmor id be jst as dead! An invicible - they last half a second and (for me) near never register, you can watch it go off but ill die during the move anyways. With that point im trying to make said and mildly contradicting to my suggestion if the defence part of the class stays the same and we continue to be fragile then perhaps make Glide or even piercing cry an invincible while keeping it on its current CD. It would certinly help us stay ranged and be a more effective kiter. Regardless of my suggestion, defensively we need help.(A quote I once read) Archer, a class thats fairly enjoyed by most but rarely played and even less so seriously.
                            ,# 139,
                                Family Name:Dehydrated_WaterRegion (NA/EU):NAClass (Awakening/Succession):ShaiSuggestion: Increase Gather Around! AOEDetails:??Currently, Gather Around! is only used to pull in very small targets (sheep, deer, etc), mostly for gathering. I suggest it should have greater potencial and revelancy as a monster pull mechanic by increasing its area of effect by 3x as shown on picture 2 compared to it's normal AOE on picture 1, and make it be able to pull IN up to large mobs (Sycraia, Elvia giants, Elvia orcs, Stars End, etc) but not extra large (Turos, Elvia Trolls,etc). Also, it's cooldown should be reduced from 15s to 7s. I believe it should be unlocked from PVE only, and able to be used in PVP at our own unprotected risk. Through in PVP it only pulls in NEARBY/CLOSE targets, as in picture 1 range in PVP, picture 2 range in PVE.
1:

2:

                            ,# 140,
                                Family Name:??MenaceToSocietysRegion (NA/EU):??NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Awakening BerserkerSuggestion:??Awaken Berserker playstyle PvPDetails:??Currently awakening berserker has to do a lot of kiting in his 2021 rework. His kit is primarly frontal guards so if he is ever in melee he is at a disadvantage because of how almost every rework class has some kind of protected mobility CC or cheap blockjump ability. I would like to see awaken berserker play to his strengths, which is currently his range pressure ( it use to be his protected grabs for peeling his team but since the nerf most of the time it doesnt work anyways because of desync ). I would like to take some of his damage out of Titan Blow and turn one of his awakening skills into a range damage non CC skill such as Blasting or Scatter Shot. This will allow awaken berserker to still contribute in a fight so he is not doing 9k damage in AoS because a DK, ninja, striker, warrior wanted to hold W at him. I would also like to see a return of split rocket jump if nothing else gets changed. It will help with awaken berserker ability to skirmish during a fight instead of full commiting to disengage or engage.
                            ,# 141,
                                Family Name: DeportedSmurfRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Musa (Awakening)Suggestion:??Awakening musa nerf ideas.Details:??Awakening musa is currently way too strong. Here are a few suggestions to improve the kit in more fair and balanced way:

There is too much super armor in the kit.??Currently, musa does not ever have to cast a skill that is not super armor. This makes it way too easy to go in, kill opposing players, and get out. The skill "One-Step Back" should be changed to a frontal guard. This would add a risk factor when the musa wants to reposition as well as adding counter-play for those who are fighting against the musa.??

The CCs are too strong.??Currently, there is a knockdown effect on "Searing Slam" and "Dash Slash." "Searing Slam" is already super armor and a very large AOE, it should not also have the strongest CC in the game. Changing this to a bound effect would be much healthier. "Dash Slash" should also be changed to a float. This skill is already extremely strong because of how low the cooldown is and the 10% bsr makes it hit extremely hard. Musa having knockdown effects on several skills makes it way too easy to kill anyone you hit.??

The slows are too much.??The slow effect should be removed from "Searing Slam." There is already a slow on "One-Step Back" and having it on "Searing Slam" as well is much too strong.??

TLDR:??Musa has too much super armor, cc, and slowing effects. The class is way too easy to play with little to no counterplay. This creates an extremely unfun gameplay experience for players fighting against the musa, and leaves no room for an experienced musa to express their skill.??
                            ,# 142,
                                Family Name: Cribbzy
Region: NA Console
Class: Shai
Topic: a complete overhaul of We're Gonna Win!

Revamp:
- doesn???t let you swap to preawakening until you deactivate the skill.??-add a 60s cooldown before you can deactivate skill to stop abuse in pve

Different skill effects:
this would include and not limited to; all songs are t3s. additional stats to buff/debuff songs like 20% movement speed, 5% crit damage, 1hp on hit, accuracy rate -10%, all dp +20, all eva +30, ect.


- stamina consumption is not used while normal running with artina sol out.

- larger aoes on bongo skills (20%) and continue to play while travelling
- increased move speed (by 100%) while performing songs/bongos

- passive heal over time for players in shais vicinity while skill is active (AoE being the size of misty haze)(300hp every 5s for 60s)(doesn???t stack with preawaken heal but does refresh it)

- song buffs/debuff now leave zones (about the size of witches toxic flood) ??upon initial cast of skill where target is looking at that will reapply effects to players running through them. Zones last for 20s. Recasting the songs removes the zone on the ground to new targeted location

- while this skill is active misty haze has a??significantly lower cooldown (30s).

In the current meta on bdo, shai has lost what truly made it menacing in pvp as a support with the over-saturation of super armors on other classes. There is also issues of allies being able to iframe buffs/heals but I won't delve into that for this post. I'm hoping for this to be implemented to not only remove the current usage of We're Gonna Win! as a very situational skill, but to significantly boost shais influence in group pvp.
                            ,# 143,
                                Family Name: Emilson
Region (SA):
Class (Witch Awakening):
Suggestion: Magical Evasion/PVP
Details:??

Witch Awakening has a low performance in PVP 1v1 and has difficulties in its movement.
(Magical Evasion) currently when used you gain (super armor) with a 5 second CD. an improvement on her would help the Witch to move more protected attack or counterattack even help her escape being grabbed

When using (Magical Evasion) Shfit+A Invincibility CD 7 second, second Shfit+A  super armor, third Shfit+A  super armor.

When using (Magical Evasion) Shfit+S Invincibility  ??CD 7 second, second Shfit+S  super armor, third Shfit+S  super armor.

                            ,# 144,
                                Family Name: WinnyBluesRegion (NA/EU):NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Awakened Witch
Suggestion: Improving the sturdiness and theme of the Melee Ranged Caster in PvP
Details: Due to the higher damage and mobility that has become more common in the current state of the game, the slow predictable Forward Guards and stagnant Super Armors leave the Awakened Witch feeling like an easy target.Since the class is a melee ranged caster with Awakening spec, I think it would help to make her more resilient in a consistent manner rather than just buff her damage. Adding extra DR or Evasion as a passive or active skill buffs would help the melee caster not buckle on the frontlines. Wizard has a higher base evasion stat than Witch just as a class difference so even matching that would help.Another approach would be the ability to put Super Armor on some supportive skills when in Awakened spec such as Healing Aura or Healing Lighthouse. At a melee range it can be very dificult to properly buff, heal, or generally support your allies when none of the relevant skills have any protection and take some time to cast.
                            ,# 145,
                                Family Name:Dehydrated_WaterRegion (NA/EU):NAClass (Awakening/Succession):ShaiSuggestion:??Make Elvia:Rascal usable with mainhand buffDetails:??I can say with 100% certainty that our Elvia skill is used by not even one single shai, it is inefficient to lose the damage that the mainhand buff gives us only for the ability to use one extra skill out of our talent. It is a wasted skill that could be fun to use and switch skill rotations around with, because of that I would suggest giving Shai the ability to use her Elvia skill while the mainhand buff is active. It is the only way that skill is ever going to be used because at the moment it is a completely useless addition to our skill tree.
                            ,# 146,
                                I love the PVP state of the game. Please do not change it ! It is so fun and engaging to play the AOS maps such as Oluns (Love that map lots of rock climbing !!!) If you could buff DK a little bit more and nerf class shields and gauntlets game would be PERFECT (Not a big deal BTW)!??

Best regards,
MonkeyKing #Hustler Alumni
                            ,# 147,
                                Family Name: TheIronWing
Region: NA
Class: Succ Lahn
Suggestion: Not a class specific suggestion, but every class needs a proper evasion offhand

Details: Offhands like Rhik/Tadd (that are purely evasion) should be available to every class. There are classes that would like to spec into an evasion offhand, but the only one available to them is some dollar store, bootleg knockoff called Rosar. At c19 it's 34 evasion and 1 sheet ap less than the aforementioned evasion offhands, which is a large difference.??

BUT BUT BUT, WHAT ABOUT GAUNTLETS????? Then that's a gauntlet problem....

Also, make DR offhands useful. if you want to be DR and build into tankiness you should be able to have more options.
??



                            ,# 148,
                                Family Name: Mishailia
Region: NA
Class: succession lahn
Suggestion: Give the class more depth by adding new skills??
First off Succession Lahn is in a good spot. I think it does well in AoS and in node wars/siege. Im mostly posting ways to give the class more depth for players who put the time into it. The rework addressed her flying mechanic which it took me a long time to get used to but it wasnt anything i was excited about which lead to me quitting the game and i havent been wanting to play it.??

Now to the point of this post, I have a few suggestions. First one would be making the end of prime: cymbidium a hotkeyable move. When we do the move its in 3 parts. First part is a frontal and the lahn slaps the ground with her weapon. Second is a dash forward which then leads into a powerful damaging move (very close to vice). I suggest making that dash forward and slash or just the flash a separate move. This will give succession lahn more combo options and upfront damage so we can kill quickly and get out.??

Second suggestion is, Bleeding hearts rework or change. This skill is pretty useless other than to get buffs while grinding. Ive seen some lahns use it for an SA move but other than that it does nothing for our kit. If you dont want to do the first suggestion i recommend replacing bleeding hearts with vice or maybe bridled dispair or deadly dance. This again will give the succ lahn more combo options and sudo movement options as well to outplay their opponent.??

Third suggestion, Succ lahn can feel boring at times because its the same combo over and over again alot of the times. Id like to see a mechanic that rewards the lahn for hitting their skills by enhancing the next skill with buffs that stack up together. For example if you hit morning dew a few times in a row you get a buff that stacks with it.??

Last but not least suggestion, crescent barrage. This skill got some love during the rework by making it faster. The issue with this skill is that the damage is at the very end of it. Again this class is an assassin class and it would help alot if the skill had the damage in the first part of the skill which is unprotected and then keep the SA heal towards the end of it. This leaves the cancel combo pend kick -> crescent with more burst damage.??

The conclusion to this long post is that succession lahn needs to have more depth to it. So the player can have more tools to outplay their opponent and not get bored while doing it. When you are fighting skilled opponents they know you have very limited options to kill them. so they will sit back and watch for our only engage which is salpuri. Adding more depth to the class will give the succession lahn ways to counter this.??

On another subject, Castle siege needs to be reworked to keep the game more exciting. When guilds fight for a castle its just the guilds pushing being farmed by the defender guild because you need to funnel into a small tunnel and get hit by high damage range skills and if you survive that you most likely will lag out and crash. This leads to scripted fights that are the only way siege fights happen now because it is impossible to push without more than one guild. Spreading out the fighting will lower the lag and make the fights not just fun.... but actually playable. I suggest adding buffs around the map that the flex team or offense needs to fight for. If you get this buff you get something to help you push forward into the castle or defend.??
                            ,# 149,
                                Family Name: WinterriscomingRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): ShaiSuggestion: Shai isn't treated like a full classDetails:Shai lacks many features that other classes take for granted. Her kit has 0 Knockdowns, 0 PvP Bounds, 0 Down Smashes, 0 Air Smashes, 0 Core skills, 0 T3 addons, no Level 60 (formerly 62) class passive, and the slowest E-buff in the game.

She's called a support, but 1 of her 2 debuffs is gated behind a 3-minute cooldown, and teammates can literally i-frame or even physically dodge Shai buffs.

Finally, as so many other Shais have noted, manually enhancing Artina Sol is pain, but it doesn't have to be! In a late night talk from October 2021, PA mentioned that there would be an alternative method for Shais to get a guaranteed PEN Sol or compensation:https://youtu.be/LQHJCzX4KuI?t=1256

We're still anxiously waiting!
                            ,# 150,
                                Family Name: QullRegion (NA/EU): EUClass (Awakening/Succession): Hashashin (Succession)Suggestion: Improve Health sustain for PvEDetails: As of now, the class has no good sustain options and is 100% reliant on health potions even with frenzy draughts during higher end PvE. These changes would allow PvE sustain up to par with the other classes, while shifting it from a lesser used skill to a more staple, used-of-cooldown skill.

Suggestions :??

Chosen blade - Recover 20 HP per hit -> Recover 50 HP per hit.
Shadow Splitter - Recover 15 HP per hit -> Removed??
Descent - Recover 50 HP per hit -> Added
??
??
??
??
??
??

                            ,# 151,
                                Family Name: FlorangRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Kuno SuccessionSuggestion: qol/minor stam changes.Details: Overall I think succ kuno is actually in a good spot. She can pretty much do any content, given you have the gear, and run either evasion or dr. The only changes I believe she needs are quality of life ones. First, shadow slash, our atk speed prebuff and minor unprotected movment. There's really no reason for it to have a stam drain and wouldn't cause any change in gameplay aside from being able to freely move. Additionally this would help to buff our stam in pve without changing much about the overall class preformance. Lastly q block draining stamina, this really doesn't make any sense and feels more like a nich gimmick that was forgotten about. It's pretty awful needing to rely on your s block to regen stamina only to get hit and have your stamina go down. This wouldn't be as much of an issue if they didn't remove 2 of our sa lingers during the reboot :/.??

Family Name: FlorangRegion (NA/EU): NA??Class (Awakening/Succession): ShaiSuggestion: Overall class changes for both pve and pvp.Details: 
PVP: First an evasion passive and/or dr passive. As a pvp class shai really only has the option to build dp which is held back by the fact that she has only a 6% evasion prebuff and middle of the back base evasion. An easy fix would be a simple 10% evasion passive. Furthermore in pvp we need more options. The increased cd on misty haze has left shai with a pretty garbage playstyle of buff bongo or occassionally every few minutes use bubble, debuff, or come out come out. I think a possible fix would be to allow shai to have come out come out on a 30s cd so we have a means to engage into ball fights protected. Additionally changes to our two other talent bongo skills are neccessary. One idea could be to give tremble a % block break and sun's fury a vacuum. With how slow they are this shouldn't be too strong given their cds are adjusted, but obviously testing would be needed. Other qol changes for shai would be e buff animation length, buffs of higher level not overwriting other with other shais, t3 addon, and low amount of ccs/no kds.??
PVE: Shai was very strong at a few spots and very very bad at every other spot. As it currently stand it does feel like we lack damage compared to other classes now at spots such as hexe, trolls, gyfin, sycraia, orcs, etc. I think the simple fix would just be to revert our damage. I don't see the problem with shais damage being higher than 80% of the classes at end game spots with end game gear. With 309k the majority of classes could pull similar numbers, within 10%, at most spots, except oluns, and with our terrible low end grinding/any spot that needs to move I think it's a fair trade to have. If reverting our damage is that much of an issue then they need to find a way to make shai viable at pack to pack/lower end grind spots since in her current state she's mid and end game and the worst and anything early on/potition spots.
                            ,# 152,
                                Family Name:??SunderingRegion (NA/EU):??NAClass (Awakening/Succession):??ShaiSuggestion:??Make "We're Gonna Win!" a permanent effect when toggled and remove its (locked) wind up animation, just like the ability Dark Knight has called "Vedir's Dogma".Details:??
"We're Gonna Win!" is a stance change, but requires an unprotected 5 second animation to toggle, which puts me in danger. 2 seconds of it are locked from being cancelled by other animations.

It only lasts 10 minutes, and vanishes upon death. I find it most useful in PVP, rather than PVE. But in PVP, it's even riskier to stay locked in a relatively long animation to toggle it.

This is the main reason most shai mains I've talked to refuse to even use it. It just isn't practical to learn such a difficult stance when it's so risky to toggle it every 10 minutes (and after every death).
                            ,# 153,
                                Family Name: Igmay
Region: NA
Class: Succession Sage
Suggestion: Rift Chain and melee ability improvements

Details: Sage has serious stamina usage issues.?? The class is extremely easy to pressure due to the extremely high stamina cost of Rift Chain.?? I propose sage's mobility be split into two separate abilities, as is the case for most classes.?? RC should be changed to cost mana and be unusable off cooldown, with the SA function removed entirely.?? Succession sage should be given a low cooldown, stamina-consuming iframe dash, similar to how the class is currently implemented in BDMobile.

Sage was originally designed as a close-midrange magical brawler, but post-release changes caused him to become an AoE terror in nodewars, leading to subsequent nerfs.?? I believe the original design philosophy should be leaned into, as it would help solve the class's issues in endgame PvE and 1v1/small scale PvP without causing him to be overtuned in the context of large scale.?? I propose the following abilities (and applicable Absolute/Prime iterations) be given a 10-15% cast speed improvement:Ator's Fist
Spatial FissureGravity RiftIllusion Compression
Form Shift/Flow: Form Recall
Prime: Spear Bolt
Ator's PalmAtor's Illusion

In addition to his stamina issues, Sage is easily punished due to his predicatability in pocketing spells with Rift Chain.?? Since Sage is both visible on the minimap while in RC and unprotected when he uses a skill upon exit, it's trivial for a player with the barest level of situational awareness to simply use a CC ability where he knows the Sage will be when he exits RC.?? I see one of two possible solutions to this problem:
Have pocketed abilities retain their protections after exiting RC.?? This would likely be the simplest solution, along with my proposed changes to RC above, but could have negative consequences in largescale PvP, which I'm looking to avoid.

As suggested by Zethiann above, treat RC like a stealth ability and remove the Sage from the minimap.?? This is my preferred option, as it increases the ability for mindgames and would have a stronger impact in high level small-scale environments, while minimally affecting large-scale.

Lastly, I would like Automagia to be changed to simply cause consistent damage across its total AoE, instead of the current implementation, where it generates a number of smaller stacking AoEs on every target within the greater area.

I also urge you, if nothing else, to address the bugs brought up in Jenisiz's posts above.
                            ,# 154,
                                Family Name:??PhetevenRegion (NA/EU):??NAClass (Awakening/Succession):??Guardian, both Awakening and SuccessionSuggestion:??Awakening Guardian is in dire need of a buff, Succession needs just touching up, both PvP and PvEDetails:??
PvE wise, Guardian in both Awakening and Succession need an actual buff to make the class pull relevant numbers compared to majority of the classes at spots that isn't Orcs, whether this is by just raw damage buffs or an indirect buff from PvP buffs.

PvP wise, both Awakening and Succession need changes, but Awakening is in dire need of it. Having most of the damage on Cleansing Flame and God Incinerator, both skills being extremely telegraphic and easy to avoid, makes the class unable to perform reliably. A decent amount of classes are able to deal more damage at a significantly faster rate, which makes our "tankiness" irrelevant today as our heal passive means nothing, and able to move significantly faster than us. This makes Guardian itself unable to perform outside of Largescale fights against players unless they haven't fought a Guardian before, because of the slow animations Awakening has and both specs unable to cancel their abilities quick enough.

Suggestion? Change the AP passive to attack speed, buff our heal passive to be x2 the amount OR allow us to remove slows similar to Succession Drakania. Make the I-frame part on Fierce Disdain slightly longer to give us a more reliable iframe. Remove Prime:Mutilation gap. Make both grabs register on characters with no collision (Our grabs literally go through no collision targets) OR just make it just the same as most other grabs that are melee ranged but instant. Reduce the cooldown for Mountain's Echo. Make Rockslide significantly faster and similar to Berserker's Predatory Hunt. Make both pre-Awakening and Awakening Juggernaut be instantly max speed instead of a ramp up. Maybe make Prime: Beast Demolisher relevant? Since 40% of our abilities are locked because they are useless, Rockslide being barely useful. Strike Down, Flow: Low Blow, Beast Demolisher, Torso Ripper, Fervor, Juggernaut: Smite being these useless skills in just pre-Awakening alone.

Awakening specifically, make Glorious Advance attack Speed 20 seconds long OR, ideally, make it a baseline passive for Awakening. Cleansing Flame float should be baseline and the skill itself should be sped up as it is slow enough for any class to avoid it. Scalding Thorn needs to be instant for it to be relevant or give it protection so it gives us another CC option outside of Cleansing Flame and grab. Make Dragon's Maw relevant, the skill is too slow and does no damage even at max charge with E buff, I believe making it instantly charge and increasing the damage by roughly 20% would make it a viable skill to use. Buff both Cleansing Flame and God Incinerator BSR attacks so they are relevant to use or make them faster. Flow: To Ashes, this skill is essentially another useless skill in PvP, remove the Bound and add FG with an increase of damage. Infernal Steps is also useless, but I think there's plenty of suggestions to work on.

I am not asking for ALL of these suggestions necessarily, these are just suggestions for the balance team to work off of.
                            ,# 155,
                                Family Name: HocRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Witch AwakeningSuggestion: Buff PvP and PvEDetails: I would like to see pets have some PvE crit hit rate or even PvP as well (both would be amazing). Currently, as a Witch for example, all of the pet flows have 0% Critical Hit Rate. This means that you are FORCED to run the Deathblow Lightstone set for PvE to have your pets do good amounts of Critical Hits. +5 Crit stat = 18% Critical Hit Rate. Deathblow Lightstone set = 14% Critical Hit Rate, Skill addons would be +20% Critical Hit Rate. So, for a pet they would only have 52% PvE Critical Hit Rate. If you remove the Deathblow Lightstone set (for PvP) you'd have a total of 38% Critical Hit Rate with your pet. Critical Hits are huge for damage so it would be very good if ALL PETS at had like some base Critical Hit Rate like 25% or even 50% for PvE at least. I would love to have them be in PvP as well to help make the class stronger in PvP for their awakening kits since they are balanced around those pets but they do not do enough damage in the current meta. Also, there has been proof that the Accuracy % on pets are NOT WORKING AS INTENDED. Meaning it currently only works for PvE and NOT PvP even though it says it is for both PvP AND PvE. Consider lowering the cooldown of Witch/Wizard's Elementalization to something much more usable like 7s or so. 15s is too high to make use of it and this meta you need to be able to move or you die. We take too much damage in our Super Armor spells now that everyone has high AP, so we just stand there and die. Please look into alleviating this maybe by adding higher DR to the Super Amor spells. All of the Awakening kit is too slow for both PvP and PvE and should have their animations increased. They are way too slow for the current meta and hinder the class too much since the no one is scared to run into the Witch's AOE anymore. They know they can outtrade it and kill you. That aspect of Awakening Witch needs to be looked at and changed accordingly either by having them do more damage or having higher DR on the spells so you take a lot less damage than you currently do.
                            ,# 156,
                                I'm gonna get shot for this but I think the current "meta" classes are currently pretty balanced when compared to each other. I think it would be best if the mid/low tier underperforming classes were brought up to that level FIRST before listing to the loud minority on which meta classes to nerf into oblivion because they lost the popularity contest (I say into oblivion because PA doesnt know what "small" adjustments are). Please buff the mid/low tier classes to the "meta" level (or at least to high/strong tier) before handing out any nerfs. Some classes in the mid/low tier have answers/counters to things at the meta level, but just too many negatives to make them worthwhile.

In addition, I think it would be overall better for the game if PA didnt constantly go overboard on nerfs. The playerbase fights tooth and nail to defend their respective classes from nerfs because the balance team:

1. Goes way too overboard with nerfs and kills the affected class, and
2. Takes years to slowly tweak the class back up to a respectable level, if they ever even do it.

I hope PA takes a page from the more recent succession berseker and awakened musa nerfs and makes small adjustments, and avoids disasters like, dark knight (took almost 3yrs to recover), Corsair, Sage, and Succ Drakania where they came down way too hard way too on newly released classes, and to a lesser extent, awakened lahn and succession kuno post reboots. If PA does handout nerfs, they should monitor and make adjustments within at least a months time if the changes are too severe. The playerbase would better accept the changes if they know it won't take a minimum of two years to recover (if their class ever does), and they'll only be waiting a few weeks for corrections.



                            ,# 157,
                                Family Name: TwizzzyRegion: NAClass: Lahn (Awakening)Suggestion: Lahn Awakening PVP & PVE suggestionsDetails:
Lahn PvP: Lahn currently feels very unfun to play, much more so than before reworks. Part of that is because the class's stamina consumption has been aggressively tweaked, utility taken away, and overall damage output relatively low. That being said, I understand that our class buff contributes to why stamina continues to be one of lahn's weaknesses, but still our consumption outside of our class buff is a bit too harsh. These changes would significantly improve Lahn's standing while not over-improving the class:
Absolute: Sacred Dance - Revert to pre-reworks and add a knockdown in pvp. (This change would provide some utility as well as a stamina recovery option)
Bridled Despair - Increase pvp damage by 7%.
Deadly Dance - Increase pvp damage by 6% and allow stamina recovery.
Blood Moon Twist - Allow the post-cast animation to be canceled with phantom dance after cancelling the initial windup with preceeding skills like Vice or Bloody Stride.
Eradication - Allow stamina recovery.

Lahn PVE: Lahn's glaring issue in PVE is a matter of damage and aoe. Understandably, the aoe issue is hard to tackle because that directly affects pvp as well. So I propose increasing lahn's damage significantly to compete classes with larger aoe
Bridled Despair - Increase PVE damage by 10%
Deadly Dance - Increase PVE damage by 20%
Tailspin & Vice - Increase PVE damage by 12%
Binding Chains - Increase PVE damage by 18%
Furor - Increase PVE damage by 12%
                            ,# 158,
                                Family Name: ByroRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Succession Valkyrie??Suggestion: PVP and PVE Buff??Details:?? Going off the point that majority of classes in the game have gotten buffed since the major reworks happened, I believe Succession Valkyrie would be considered a bottom end class in both PVP and PVE aspects of the game. Looking into the damage category of Succession Valkyrie, it is outclassed by nearly any other class in the game currently. The DPS output a succ valk can put out at the 309 ap bracket would be outdamaged by plenty of others classes such as Zerker, Witch/Wizard, Musa/Maewha, Dark Knight, Striker/Mystic, Ranger, Hashashin, Drakania at a much lower ap bracket (ex: 297). I understand that some classes will outdamage others, however being outdps'ed by the majority of classes in the game with 3 or more ap brackets lower is insanely unfair. This component also affects mob clear speed, making Succession Valkyrie a bottom tier PVE class. 
?? ??Onto the next category: movement. In the current state of the game, Succ Valk is most likely the 3rd slowest class in the game slightly above Succession Nova and Shai. If any class besides the two I just listed wanted to run away from Valkyrie, they are able to. It should not be the case that Succ Valk's movement is so awful to the point where it is unable to keep up with the other classes in the game. Players are allowed to pick and choose fights with a Succession Valkyrie simply due to the fact that they know the Valk would be unable to catch up and the Valk would have no control over it. I do however understand that Valkyrie is revolved around the Q block mechanic in the game so it's reasonable for it to be on the slower end but I do genuinely believe the class's movement kit needs a either a buff or a huge rework. My own personal suggestion would be to add an extra shield chase into the kit or reduce the cd's of our shield chases.??
?? ??Another issue with Succession Valkyrie in my opinion is our BSR skills that need a complete rework. There really isn't one BSR skill that we have that is worth using in pretty much any scenario. A rework into this category would help out the class a great amount.??
?? ??The last point I wanted to make is that after 2020's Arena of Arsha tournament, the 1st and 2nd place winners were invited to the Adventurer's Round Table and gave advice on the class. The winners have stated that alot of the feedback that they provided was not taken account into when reworking the class. I believe that my feedback resonates pretty similarly to their feedback also and hope that my feedback would be taken notice of. At the current state of the game, I believe that Succession Valkyrie struggles extremely in mid-scale pvp, large-scale pvp, and pve content. I would consider the class a decent small-scale pvp class, and a strong 1v1'er. I hope that the feedback I provided would improve the class in the areas of the game that Succession Valkyrie struggles with.??
                            ,# 159,
                                Family Name: BackstabRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Succession kunoSuggestion: reballance the classDetails:The reason why most people hate her, is not being able to cc her and moving too fast for them to react. Slowing down and halfing the class' movement would make it so the stamina nerfs aren't as necesarry and hopefully meeting a middle ground for the class to still be as fun as she used to be and viable in pve. Nerfing down her protection on the second teleport of Flash slash is also helpfull because that allows a punishing window for kunos that are not experienced and not cancelling from the first teleport. And the other changes are some QOL changes that would make some skills more usable and able to get more catches than the usual ones which aren't very predictable with the exception of any mobility > grab* Make it so she gets a few SFX even with them turned off so it makes it easier for people to locate her.* Give Moonlight an input, remove the windup animation from shackles, give both of them an FG.* Remove stamina drain from q block* Remove block lock or just the block entirely* Half the distance she can travel on every skill and in compensation, revert the stamina nerf.* Remove sa from the second tp from flash slash* Unique kunai skills similar to ninja* Make shadowslash SA like succ ninja* Make Prime: Flash slash wind's up animation slower to allow for grab opportunities* Make it so you can cancel out of Prime : Tendon cutter at all times but through a second input i.e rmb, and make it so it goes towards the direction you are facing rather than snapping to a target.
                            ,# 160,
                                Family Name:?? Khadili
Region: EU
Class: Succession Sage and Awakening sage
Suggestion: Overall changes for sage

Awakening sage
These are my suggestions for the changes I believe sage awakening needs which are heavily focused in mobility:
- Mobility in sage consumes excesive amount of stamina for a small distance, just to put you in situation, in RBF before I reach the first zone, I am out of stamina and I need to walk to the next objective, this needs to be adressed by reducing stamina consumption of all mobility skills or increasing the distance of some (like riftchain).
- The need of wasting damage skills to be able to move is another big punishment to sage mobility, just remove this mechanic and lower the CD of bolt to 1.5 sec, also this would help the overcharged mechanic to be easy to track, rather than just spam skills and get an iframe randomly.
- Remove stamina lock from divine executioner and impaling flash.
- Revert changes to impaling flash, the skill has lost range and the fact of returning to the same location with a short range makes it pointless.
-Arkanon damage buffs
- Riftstorm needs bigger AoE

Succ sage
- Rework reset skill to be the same as mobile sage, right now is a skills that punishes sage for 10 min without the very needed casting speed buff
- As sage succ is no longer following its original design of iframe and big AoE with big damage, add new skills that can help with sustained damage for PvE and PvP
- Speed up the animation of rabam skill palm of ator.
- Add short iframe at start of rift chain including off CD.
- Remove sage from minimap when in rift chain ( Including off CD)
- Increase damage of spear bolt and allow it to flow better with rift chain
- Change the way atomagia deals damage to be just a generic AoE with damage
- Give back the 50% crit change to form shift in PvE, this will really help PvE performance in high end spots
- Increase AoE of ators energy and riftstorm
- Change realm of anguish to be the same as mobile sage
- Reduce CD of finishing touch
- Allow canceling illusion compression, spatial fissure and ators fist with riftchain.


                            ,# 161,
                                Family Name: Blobtik
Region: EU
Class: Archer

Suggestion 1: Archer PVP improvement ideas
Details:
Archer is the first class i played in bdo and it is still my main. Been through some rough times with the class but it improved a lot after reboot. But still need quite some changes that was not addressed during the reboot. In PVP when it comes to big fights like nw or siege class performs really well because of the ranged damage. But the class still feels very lacking when it come to 1v1 or small fights.Things in my opinion that are holding back class in 1v1 and small fights:- Slow animation speed and lack of animation speed+ movement speed buffs, along with slow debuff from other classes makes the class too slow- Most classes in the game now have fast fully protected long distance chase/Dash/Teleport skills, makes it almost impossible to kite or keep the range more than 2 or 3 seconds- Archer does not have long distance protected Dash/Teleport skills- Cannot do any damage while getting chased especially if its a grab class or classes with long range protected CC skills- High damage skills are unprotected or slow/long animation- Inability to keep up when getting chased due to high stamina cost on skills. Archer needs to chain multiple skills to move around while getting chased and stay protected. And after a certain time getting chased the stamina becomes hard to recover especially against fast moving classes with grabs and low stamina requirement.- Too squishy, kiting class or ranged class shouldn't be tanky, but right now Archer is too squishy. At high gear score some classes can kill Archer with two skills no matter the dp, makes it almost impossible to damage trade.
Now i will list some changes that can improve Archers 1v1 and small fight situation:- Animation and Movement speed +20% buff, lower some skill cool down according to it.- Either give Give Archer a Protected fast long distance Dash/Teleport skill or give Archer more iframes to deal with fast moving grab classes.- Archer currently have 3 reliable iframes and one of them requires bsr. So give Archer more iframes skills or Defense buff to deal with being too squishy.- Replace pre-awakening melee kick skills with more Crssbow skills, those melee kick skills are left unused for way too long.

Suggestion 2: Archer PVE improvement ideas
Details:
Archer PVE requires high apm to compete with other but classes that is ok. But it becomes and issue when along with the high apm requirement class is also very squishy , making it even harder at high gear score PVE spots. Even with recommended DP Archer feels very squishy at most spots. This is not fair to the class and this force new players to move away from the class. My one and only suggestion to improve PVE would be:- Give Archer DP buff on skills to deal with being too squishy in PVE

                            ,# 162,
                                Family name: Strahilles
Region: EU
Class: 1) Pre-awakening and 2) Awakening Warrior
Suggestion for 1): Preawakening skills adjustments and minor Awakening changes.
Details: First I want to talk about the pre-awakening. Making levelling a warrior more enjoyable between level 50-55. Because pre-awakening there are limited effective skills to pve with to 56.
Those are:
- Spinning Slash
- Scars of Dusk
- Ground Smash
These three are the only reliable damaging skills before awakening is reached and this makes levelling a warrior to 56 a boring experience. One time I've decided to level up a warrior again, to see how the class had been changed. There was a noticable increase in efficiency compared to what I had experienced at late 2017, but not enough.
Ultimate Ground Smash skill costs way too much(44 skill points) to make any use of it. The skill is good, but the cost is what it lets it down and the level from which it can be learned(at 55). It should be around 30-35 skill points and could be learned from level 52 or 53.
Forward Slash is a skill to replenish WP. It's pre-awakening damage is too low. A little increase to it's pre-awakening ranks would be suitable for it.
Spinning Counter is a low damage skill. Maybe it's a good idea to increase it's damage and to be learned at different(later) levels on each rank.
Frenzied dash: I tried to put this skill to use not only once. But for some reason this skill's damage was lacking for it's skill points cost and because pre-awakening skill points were limited I just decided to put them elsewhere. Perhaps the numbers on it were incorrect. I don't know.

Suggestion for 2):
Awakening warrior is awell rounded class. However I still find several awakening skills very weak.
Frenzied Strikes: This skill is slow with no protection, unless one chooses to pick it's core skill(adding a FG) and it's damage in pve isn't something to be admired. It's use is to get it's crit damage short buff and cancel it. It's PvE damage should be increased and to have a FG, but also decrease it's damage it can do in PvP at the same time.
Flow: Hilt Strike: This skill's damage is just tickling everything. If it doesn't do damage, maybe a temporary buff could be added like Attack speed boost for 5 seconds. Or some other type of utility.
Knee Kick: Another low damage and also very short range skill. In most cases it's risky to use. Perhaps an improved utility on this skill can make it more rewarding. I personally don't have any idea about it yet.
Flow: Reckless Blow: Don't get me wrong. This skill is actually a good skill. However it's cooldown is long - 10 seconds. Perhaps it should be 9 or 8 seconds. I just run out of awakening skills to use in PvE.

P.S. In case I get any better ideas about anything or I want to add something I will edit my post instead of needlessly flooding suggestions in several posts. Maybe even scratch something from the mentioned above. All these ideas aren't final.
                            ,# 163,
                                Family Name: XiomaroRegion (NA/EU): EUClass (Awakening/Succession): Nova (both) Suggestion: Give the grab (Punishing Trap) Super Armor on success.Details: Nova is the only class in the game that has a grab with no protection on success.
                            ,# 164,
                                Family Name:??SeanFruRegion:??NAClass:??MaehwaSuggestion:??Quality of Life??Details:??I personally believe Awakening Maehwa is actually in a decent spot, the only thing I would say is that she doesn't have a real way of dealing with classes that has grabs. So to implement a way for an Awakening Maehwa to have some counterplay is to make Sleet Step an iframe when it's off cooldown. Awakening has damage and protections so these were never really the main problem. Succession on the other hand does need some quality of life changes. Some time ago, there was a patch which made Prime: Blind Slash consume WP rather than stamina. This was a fantastic change as it was a way to combat the specs stamina heavy kit. The only thing I would say that would be a nice addition is to make Prime: Whirlwind Cut able to regen stamina while lingering the Super Armor, the skill has a heavy stamina cost on top of the already stamina heavy kit, so being able to have another skill to regen would be very fair along with adding FG on Prime: Blooming as it is our one of few hard hitting abilities. Lastly, this may be controversial, but I would like to see Stigma in both succession and awakening to be a full Super Armor only because the duration of the protection is rather short and the beginning and the end there are large gaps in which we can be cc'd.??
                            ,# 165,
                                Family Name: Wheathin
Region: EU
Class: Sorceress (Awakening)
Suggestion: Sorceress Awakening complete PVP rework idea.
Details: By now, everyone hates Sorc and considers its iframes overpowered.
The truth is, the class is fairly weak when the iframes aren???t necessary to stay alive or win fights.
Take Arena of Solare for example, the damage level is so low that iframes are not a necessity whatsoever, and there the class has issues making itself useful when fighting players good enough to not be CCed by anything but a grapple.
I???ll propose a nerf on the iframes and a buff on the rest of the kit, mainly mobility and engagement. Keep in mind this is an all-or-nothing post, the changes I am proposing would work together but wouldn???t work at all separately. I am saying this as a Sorceress PVP player veteran that knows more about the class than anyone in the balance team.

Iframe nerf:
Night Crow cooldown 0s->1s.
Make a Prime: Night Crow with 0s cooldown so that Succession Sorceress stays the same.

Compensation so the class stays playable and still flows correctly:
1- New skill in the Awakening skill tree: Flow:Storming Crow. Replaces pre-awakening Storming Crow's Superarmor with an IFRAME and 3 seconds Cooldown.

2- Allow Shadow Leap to be used from pre-awakening (Amulet).

3- Allow Dark Backstep to be used from Quick Slot and from Awakening (Scythe).

4- Make Wing of the Crow Superarmor instead of Forward Guard.

5- Allow Grim Reaper???s Judgement to be used from Amulet with RMB+C, which currently uses Cartian???s Protection, an unnecessary transition.

6- Make an awakening Flow: Crow Food that uses Shard of Darkness x1 to use Flow: Night Crow if you don't have enough stamina.

7- Remove Stiff and Float from Flow: Vile Plan and add Forward Guard.

8- Remove the Explosion Attack Hits of Shadow Ignition, remove the Air Smash and shorten the skill considerably. Allow it to be canceled by S+C (Cartian???s Protection).

Engagement buffs:
1- Make the extra attack hit of Soul Harvest a Grapple that floats, with Superarmor on grapple like every other class.

2- Nightmare rework:
Remove the Stiffness from the skill entirely but keep the Knockback.
Speed up the start-up and behind-enemy attack by 50%.
Make the behind-enemy attack cancel Soul Harvest into its extra attack hit.
Fix the bug that makes the Iframe sometimes not work correctly during the last 2 seconds of Nightmare.

Mobility buffs:
1- Remove the Stamina cost from Violation Off-cooldown (300->0), and make it 400 during cooldown (300->400).

2- When Night Crow is used forwards with WW, the distance traveled should be increased by ~1.5 to 2 times. Side and backwards Night Crow stays the same.

3- Remove the collision from Shadow Leap. Currently, going through targets reduces the distance traveled.

QOL Buffs:
1- Remove the Air Smash from Darkness Released.

2- Add a Casting Speed debuff to Engulfing Shadow (Attack speed -15% -> Attack speed & Casting speed -15%).

3- Add 10 Base AP to the class so we can compete in Arena of Solare damage-wise.

4- Change our Stamina passive for Casting speed or AP, for the same reason as the above.

5- Change Grim Reaper's (E buff) Evasion +15% and All Resistance +30% to Casting Speed +20% and All AP+20

A few of these buffs will transfer to Succession Sorceress which is also a class that needs help and currently needs some mobility help.
Again, this is ALL OR NOTHING (except for the QOL buffs). If the nerf is adopted, then all of the buffs must also be or the class will become completely unplayable. And do not try to adopt this nerf while changing stuff all around from what I proposed, again, it will most likely not work.
                            ,# 166,
                                Family Name:??BobobuddyRegion : NAClass : Awaken WarriorSuggestion: Nerf Warrior *maybe*Details: Warrior is kinda broken/ OP.... if i can climb to 2100 MMR on 2 of my accounts in AOS with a 64% winrate and 71% winrate post warrior gravedig and DP nerf..... I think the class is fine, In open world and seige the class is ok at best, BOTTLEG musa or ninja. but im all for handouts, give my class some of the succession DK love :). The real issue that needs to be addressed is fixing server desync and visual desync. And In my opinion mouse move is one of the contributors to desync. Zerkers can fly and do 180s mid air and land on you and grab you, warriors can spin 360 degrees with their 100% bsr and hit u even if they miss the stab. Make these skill that can be mouse move more like drakonia skills, where you can still control them with camera flicks and movement but not these sharp turns that defies the laws of physics.Render range charge is also a big problem, a lot of times warriors can just hover barely outside render range, and rush up super quick and catch people off guard due them suddenly appearing on top of you, maybe nerf some distance of certain skills in exchange for protection. I know Warrior personally but I also know there are other classes that can do the same thing, be it different ways.But overall I think awakening warrior is still VERY GOOD as a offensive playmaker in 1 v 1 and small scale fights, however its defence is not as good as the other SA block classes like valk with its heals/Protected area, or guardian with their long distance protected skills to escape a fight, hence it is not a favored class for large scale. I personally call it a bootleg musa or ninja when I play it in siege.
                            ,# 167,
                                Family Name: BlockJumpRegion (NA/EU): NAClass (Awakening/Succession): Succession??Suggestion:??Remove bleed buff from the class buff (E-Buff) or lower all stats and the bleed buff.
Details:
Succession Ninja has been such a huge crutch for Arena of Solare that it's been long overdue to being revisted. The reason its so strong in Arena of Solare is largely inpart to its undeniably broken class buff (E-Buff), it gives the class the ability to have 3 different bleed debuffs to an enemy with -120HP for every 3 seconds. (Bleed, Poison, Burn) which doesnt include the addon bleed you can give players which theoretically can give someone 390 damage per 3 seconds just for hitting a target with a skill. In Arena of Solare damage overall is considerably lower than other forms of PvP, so bleeds such as Succession Ninja's class buff give an insane amount of potential to win games outright from the pressure gained by said debuffs. More often then not if you are hovering near 600HP or even lower you will die in your Emergency Escape (V) 100% of the time just from bleeds alone. It's the most oppressive skill in Arena of Solare currently that will win rounds just by having it up. The spec already has exeptional damage in Arena of Solare not considering its class buff, so why give a class that excells at damage, protection, and ability to pressure, something that outright makes it broken? In contrast, the Awakening spec of Ninja has sub-par and at times quite literally unplayable damage that kills nothing (bias opinion of course but its true). https://gfycat.com/cookedrequiredbellsnake

The main point is that the class will still be a top 3-5 AoS class even without its broken class buff, so I suggest to completely gut or rework the ebuff around something that doesnt make it insanely oppresive in AoS.
                            ,,,,,,
